 Wales football fans have been gathering for the hotly-anticipated Euro 2016 match with England in Lens.  The atmosphere between the two sets of supporters in the small town has been "good-natured" ahead of the 14:00 BST kick-off. It follows clashes in nearby Lille on Wednesday night, where many fans have been staying. There is a high level of security in both places and ticketless Welsh fans have been advised to watch the match in Arras or Amiens. Trouble first broke out earlier on Wednesday, with some English and Russian supporters being detained after scuffles. Russian and Slovakian fans have also been in Lille after their game at the city's Stade Pierre-Mauroy on Wednesday. It followed clashes between mainly English, Russian and French fans in Marseille at the weekend. The Russian football team have already been given a suspended disqualification from the tournament following attacks by their supporters on England fans at their opening fixture in Marseille on Saturday. Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns who is attending the match, said he was in touch with the Home Office and French authorities. He added: "I would appeal to Welsh fans to be vigilant, and to avoid any provocation. It goes without saying people should not travel to the area without a ticket to the game." But Wales fans in the city said they were "not worried" and were feeling upbeat about the match, with their team currently topping group B. One fan, Jack Taylor from Swansea, told BBC Radio Wales he had quit his job to be there. "I'm having the time of my my life, I'm happy I'm here," he said. "I checked my bank balance yesterday and it didn't look great but I'll care about it when I get back." Schools across the country are also allowing pupils to watch the game, including children from Gareth Bale's former school Whitchurch High, in Cardiff. Meanwhile, football fans in France told BBC Wales they had started to think about the possibility of qualifying from the group stages.   Richard Swain, 31, of Pontypridd, Rhondda Cynon Taff, said: "We've come out here and we didn't expect to win any games. "But after Saturday, getting that win [2-1 against Slovakia] it gives you that confidence. "So looking at the game [against England], we're not worried." England drew 1-1 with Russia on Saturday, with the latter losing 2-1 to Slovakia on Wednesday. Wales will take on their neighbours at 14:00 BST at the Stade Bollaert-Delelis. Mr Swain's brother, Aled, 24, is also bullish about Wales' chances.  "Greece did it [won the European Championships] in 2004. We've got the result to start us in the right direction, so on to the next one, three points again," he said. "Who knows when the journey can end." Deri Mason, 26, of Mountain Ash, said: "I'm hoping we win, obviously [against England], but I think a draw is most likely.  "I think, if we can come away with a point we'd be happy."