 With both the doctors' and nurses' annual conferences taking place in Belfast and Glasgow respectively, this would normally be a week when the state of the NHS takes top billing. But not this year. The coverage is pretty muted. Of course, the EU referendum has something to do with that.  However, there is also a sense that something else is at play. After months of deadlock in the junior doctor dispute and a constant barrage of negative headlines about missed targets, there seems to be a certain weariness that has crept in when it comes to the debate around the state of the health service.  It begs the question: has failure become the new norm? After all, week after week there seems to be fresh evidence of declining standards, but instead of provoking outrage there seems to be an acceptance that we should not expect as much as we used to. January, February and March each saw A&E units in England record new worst-ever monthly waiting times since the four-hour target was introduced in 2004. The target has been met just once in the past 18 months with bosses at NHS England left to resort to the rather defeatist defence that while it is getting worse, it's still better than many other countries. Ambulances are struggling too, with a sharp deterioration in the number of life-threatening cases reached in the target time of eight minutes. Cancer targets and the 18-week goal for seeing patients needing routine operations have started to be missed too. Serious problems can be found in the health systems in Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland too. But it is not only the targets that show the extent of the problems - inspectors are also finding worrying examples. These are shocking stories, that are becoming all too familiar. Overall, out of the 182 ratings given to hospital, community, mental health and ambulance services under the new inspection regime, 121 have been inadequate or require improvement. Ministers defend themselves by saying extra money is being invested. That is true. However, the fact remains the biggest chunk - £3.8bn - is being given this year, but two-thirds of that looks like it will have to go on paying off last year's deficits. The result? A sense of defeatism among both those who work in the health service and those who are treated by it. Polling of more than 1,200 adults by the BMA ahead of their conference this week found that eight in 10 of them were worried about the future of the NHS. An NHS Confederation survey of managers found 96% were not confident they could meet the savings targets being asked of them and only one in 10 nurses asked by the Royal College of Nursing thought the NHS was able to cope with the demands being placed on it. In short, a sense of defeatism has engulfed the health service. Declining standards are what we expect - and when that happens the news value of the event diminishes.   Read more from Nick Follow Nick on Twitter