 As the EU referendum campaign enters its final stretch, the press believe the result is too close to call and David Cameron's television performance is analysed. The paper continues: "With opinion polls suggesting the race is neck-and-neck after a swing to Remain, pro-Brexit campaigners argued publicly over the tone of their campaign, amid criticism that its focus on immigration had created an ugly mood in Britain. "Cox's death led to the suspension of the referendum campaign, putting the brakes on a recent Leave surge. "The FT's poll of polls puts the sides level on 44%, but politicians and business have learnt not to put too much faith in opinion polls, leading to great uncertainty over Britain's future. "Turnout on Thursday will be key in a vote that could determine Mr Cameron's future as prime minister as well as the country's European destiny." The paper says: "Surveys pointed to a recent recovery in support for a Remain vote - although pollsters are uncertain whether there is any connection between Jo Cox's murder and the apparent shift in attitudes. "Three polls published yesterday indicated that Thursday's outcome was still too close to call." The paper adds that senior sources on both sides said the tone of campaigning will be more sombre after Mrs Cox's death but the message will not change. "The EU referendum campaign has now fully resumed after a two-and-a-half day truce prompted by Cox's death," states the Guardian. "That is once again the case; and this time the implications could, astonishingly, be even more momentous." "This is the most significant week in Britain's modern history since the referendum of 1975 which asked the public whether we should stay in the European Economic Community, as it was then known. "But somehow this referendum of 2016 seems much, much more important not least because of the tone of the debate which has often been shrill, bitter and rancorous." The papers look back at Mr Cameron's appearance on a special referendum edition of the BBC's Question Time on Sunday. "The prime minister invoked the memory of Winston Churchill as he delivered an impassioned plea for Britain to be fighters, not quitters, when it came to the EU," the paper says. "But with polls neck-and-neck, Cameron acknowledged that people had been finding the debate 'confusing' and Remain needed to do more to convince them." "Just two days after its launch, donations continued to flood in as a manifestation of the public's horror over her killing with more than 22,000 making contributions by yesterday afternoon," it says. The paper pictures the Yorkshire Vikings cricket team observing a minute's silence in her memory on its front page. Supermarkets sold out of flowers, prayers were said in church for her family and the world's media saw her constituents break down in tears, it continues. Brendan Cox said his wife had loved the great outdoors and so he and the children had camped out on Saturday night in order to be close to her. "In a moving tweet, Mr Cox said the three of them had reflected on the last time they had been together as a family and had been woken by the beautiful sound of the dawn chorus." Seacole, who in 2004 was voted the greatest black Briton, is about to get her own statue - and the Florence Nightingale Society is seething, says the Times. Apparently they are furious that the statue, due to be unveiled at the end of the month, is taller than those of Nightingale in Waterloo Place and World War One nurse Edith Cavell outside the National Portrait Gallery. Also, it will be outside St Thomas' Hospital in London where Nightingale founded her nursing school. In a letter to the Times, a group of historians and Nightingale biographers write: "Mrs Seacole's battlefield excursions (three only - she missed the major ones) took place post-battle, after selling wine and sandwiches to spectators. "Mrs Seacole was a kind and generous businesswoman, but was not a frequenter of the battlefield 'under fire' or a pioneer of nursing. "We would gladly support a Seacole statue, to honour her for her own work and not at Nightingale's hospital." Lord Soley, who began campaigning for a Seacole statue more than a decade ago, said opposition from the Nightingale backers was "frustrating and rather sad". "Florence Nightingale will not be undermined by this statue," he said.