 ScotRail workers have begun the first of a series of one-day strikes in a dispute over plans to introduce more driver-only trains. The move follows the breakdown of talks aimed at averting walkouts which officially began at 00:01 on Tuesday. The RMT union insisted the dispute was about "ensuring that Scotland's trains run safely". But ScotRail said the RMT had been running a campaign of "disinformation that doesn't bear any scrutiny". The dispute centres around driver-only-operation or DOO trains. This is where the driver is asked to close the doors at stations, instead of the on-board conductor. Drivers have CCTV in the cabs to check people are clear of the doors, but the unions have said this is not safe and passengers will get hurt. ScotRail said the strikes would cause some disruption but it expected to be able to carry more than 70% of the normal number of passengers.    A similar strike will go ahead in England after Southern Rail staff backed a walkout. RMT general secretary Mick Cash accused ScotRail of having "no intention of engaging in serious talks" after discussions broke down at 11:00 on Monday. He said: "They set up a series of a serious of ludicrous preconditions that they know cannot be met by the union and, as a consequence, yet again they effectively sabotaged the process. "The action remains firmly on." ScotRail said the "needless" strike action would "affect tens of thousands of passengers and hurt hundreds of rail staff". Managing director Phil Verster said: "The RMT have been saying that the strike is about driver-only trains. It is not. "There would still be a second person scheduled to be on services following the introduction of the faster, longer, greener trains from late next year. "The RMT have said that services that have the train door opened and closed by the driver are unsafe. In fact, 59% of people who travel by train in Scotland do so on a service that safely operates in this manner." Two hugely disruptive strikes, two different trains companies, same issue. The unions want to draw a line in the sand over something called Driver-only-operation or DOO. It's where the driver is asked to close the doors at stations, instead of the on-board conductor (guard). Drivers have CCTV in the cabs to check people are clear of the doors, but the unions say it's still not safe and passengers will get hurt. They're also worried it's a Trojan horse policy to phase out train conductors in future, to save money and cut staff. The companies say they'll keep the conductors on board, they'll just be helping passengers instead. We've had DOO trains on Britain's railways for decades. The regulator (ORR) says it's happy they are safe and so does the Rail Safety and Standards Board but the unions don't want any more. It's ScotRail and Southern this time around but this issue could flare up on any number of different lines in future. People are talking about a "war" on the trains, between the unions on one side, the companies and the government on the other. Neither side wants to budge, and passengers are stuck in the middle. Scotland's transport minister Humza Yousaf said he believed ScotRail would be able to run about 70% of services. But he said it was inevitable that there would be an impact on passengers. He said: "We are fully expecting roads to be busier as a result of the rail strike and we are working with partners to do all we can to manage the likely increase in traffic. "We will be monitoring the network from the Traffic Scotland National Control Centre and will be providing updates through the Traffic Scotland Twitter feed and website as well as internet radio. "The Trunk Road Incident Support Service (TRISS) will be out from early morning patrolling the key parts of the network dealing with incidents as quickly as possible." Mr Yousaf added: "Travel operators websites, Travel Line and Traffic Scotland will have all of the latest information and people should plan ahead and leave more time for their journey. Those travelling to the islands by ferry should also consider alternative options in relation to rail connections. "The Scottish government's priority will always be to ensure the safety and efficient running of our railways." Environmental group Transform Scotland said it was concerned about the disruption that rail passengers would suffer as a result of the RMT's strike action. Spokesman Paul Tetlaw said: "We want to see modernised and faster rail services that allow ScotRail to provide a service competitive with car journeys. "This is imperative if we are to get people to switch from using their cars to taking the train. "Allowing drivers to operate train doors whilst retaining a second staff member on the train will speed up rail services and as such appears to us to be a key part of the modernisation process."