 Police want to trace a woman they believe was followed in central Glasgow by a knife-wielding robber before he stabbed an elderly man to death. John Baker, 76, died after being found in a street in the Bridgeton area, just after midnight on Wednesday.  His killer had robbed and attempted to rob two women beforehand. Police now say he followed a woman on Albion Street before she entered a bar on Trongate. They want to trace her as she may have "crucial information". Det Supt Duncan Sloan said: "During our inquiries over the last 24 hours, we understand that at around 2355 hours on Tuesday 28th June, the suspect is believed to have been following a woman on Albion Street, onto Trongate, before the woman walked into the Boteco De Brasil restaurant/bar.  "We are very keen to speak to this woman as she may have crucial information which may help with identifying the suspect. "I would ask her to contact us as soon as she can." The detective said Mr Baker's murder had "shocked the communities of Glasgow" and "a dedicated team of highly specialised detectives" were working to trace the man responsible. He also appealed for help in tracing a man who chased the suspect. "As we know now, there were two incidents which occurred in the run up to the murder, a robbery and an attempted robbery," he said. "I'd like to reiterate my appeal from yesterday in tracing the second man who chased the suspect down Hope Street following the robbery outside Central Station in Gordon Street.  "I am very keen to trace him as he may have information which will help with our inquiry." Det Supt Sloan asked anyone who had been approached or threatened by someone they believed to be the suspect to get in touch. He added: "If anyone has any information, no matter how small or insignificant it may seem to you, please let us be the judge of that. Study the description of the suspect, if you saw him, please contact us immediately." Police have described the man they are looking for as white, in his mid 20s to 30s, of medium build, 5ft 5in to 5ft 10in tall, clean shaven, with a scar on his face.   He was wearing dark trainers that had a distinctive bright white chunky sole, a light baseball cap, grey hooded top and dark coloured jeans. The first incident took place outside Central Station in Glasgow at about 22:35, where a 25-year-old woman was robbed of her handbag by a man who was brandishing a knife.   She was not injured during the incident. The suspect was chased by two men down Hope Street towards the 'Heilanman's Umbrella' and east on to Argyle Street but he managed to get away down into Jamaica Street.   The second incident was an attempted robbery at about 23:55 in Trongate, near to Albion Street.   The suspect threatened a 53-year-old woman, who was standing alone at the bus stop, with a knife and demanded her handbag.   She pushed him away and he ran off east along the Trongate towards the Barras. Police believe the suspect robbed and stabbed Mr Baker who was walking along Stevenson Street, near to Abercromby Street, in the Bridgeton area, at about 00:25. He collapsed in the street where three members of the public came to his aid but he died a short time later in Glasgow Royal Infirmary Det Supt Sloan previously described the suspect as "a dangerous individual" who "doesn't seem to care who he attacks". 