 The Chinese city of Wuhan is on red alert for more heavy rainfall, after torrential downpours overnight left parts of the city submerged.  Transport links and water and power supplies in the city of 10 million are severely affected, and some residents are trapped in their homes. Flooding has killed more than 180 people and caused chaos across China.  Source: The Office of the State Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters, figures accurate as of 3 July Chinese media is reporting that more than 560mm (1.8ft) of rain has fallen over the past week, the heaviest ever in the history of the city, which is on the Yangtze River.  Roads and metro stations were inundated with water, and trains cancelled.  The last leg of the journey home for some people leaving Wuhan train station tonight is on foot, wading through the water.  A handful of couples passed me as I stood, almost up to my knees in it, at the traffic lights under the highway overpass by the railway station. A few coaches made it through the temporary pond, as did a few lorries. But there was no rush hour traffic in the worst hit suburbs tonight. There is some respite; the rain has stopped for now. But as I write this there are still cars driving the wrong way down a highway slip road because the rain has blocked their route. Water supplies have been cut off in some areas, and one residential district experienced a complete power black-out, according to local media.  Chinese Premier Li Keqiang is in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province, to oversee relief and rescue operations.   Meanwhile, China's President Xi Jinping, has ordered the army to step up its relief efforts across the country.  Amid the crisis, official figures for the number of dead have fluctuated. On Wednesday state television put the overall toll at about 170. Police in Anhui shared a notice from Wuhu County's tourism bureau, which said that alligators had escaped from a farm due to the flooding. The notice said people were still trying to verify how many alligators had escaped.  Photos of farmers emotionally bidding the animals farewell had been widely shared on social media. 