 "I love my country, I love my party, and I genuinely believe that what I stand for, the values that I represent, the strengths that I bring are exactly those that are required to get us through the challenges ahead." Running on a joint ticket with Business Secretary Sajid Javid, who would become chancellor if Mr Crabb wins the contest. The pair have promised to scrap the Tory government's tight borrowing rules to set up a £100bn fund for new infrastructure, to be paid for by a bond issue. Mr Crabb has set out three aims for the EU negotiations: Controlling immigration, "as close an economic relation with the EU as we have now" and "end of the supremacy of EU law". A former marketing consultant, Mr Crabb's background - he grew up on a council estate in Haverfordwest, raised by a single mother - contrasts with the more privileged upbringings of others on the Conservative front bench. Backers include Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson, who told a newspaper earlier this year she would "find it very hard to vote for anyone else". Mr Crabb says his first political memory is the 1979 general election that brought Margaret Thatcher to power, and that witnessing her flagship right-to-buy policy on his street had a "huge impact" on him growing up. After attending Tasker Milward school in Haverfordwest, he studied at Bristol University, gaining a first-class degree in politics and joining the Conservative Party after graduating. He won his seat at the second attempt in 2005, and worked as a whip before becoming a minister in the Wales Office, where he was appointed secretary of state in July 2014. In 2013, he voted against same-sex marriage legislation for England and Wales.  Following the resignation from the cabinet of Iain Duncan Smith over disability benefit cuts, Mr Crabb, the first Conservative cabinet minister for a century to have a beard, was promoted to work and pensions secretary. At the time of the appointment, many saw his personal story as well suited to the role. In a previous interview with BBC Wales Westminster correspondent David Cornock, the MP for Preseli Pembrokeshire described how the welfare system provided a "genuine safety net at a time of crisis" for his family. "I had a mother who, as we got older, moved progressively from a position of complete welfare dependency to being fully economically independent, working full-time," he said. "And that has to be the model of the way the welfare system should work." Married to French wife Beatrice, with two children, Mr Crabb lives near Haverfordwest.  A keen rugby player, he still turns out for the Commons and Lords RFC.