  A string of members of Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet have quit and Hilary Benn has been sacked. Here's a quick guide to who's going and who remains in Labour's top team. Hilary Benn has been sacked as shadow foreign secretary . He told the BBC it had been a "very difficult decision" to tell Mr Corbyn that he no longer had confidence in him. But he added that Labour needed "strong and effective leadership":  "We don't currently have that and there is also no confidence that we will be able to win a general election as long as Jeremy remains leader." Mr Benn, the MP for Leeds Central, had disagreed with Jeremy Corbyn in September over air strikes on Syria. He served as a minister in both the Blair and Brown governments and was in Ed Miliband's shadow cabinet.  Edinburgh South MP Mr Murray, the only current Labour MP in Scotland, has resigned as shadow Scotland secretary. Ian Murray told the BBC it had been an "incredibly difficult decision" but the sacking of Hilary Benn had been "the final straw for me", having raised concerns about the direction of the Labour Party on Friday, after the referendum result. He said Mr Corbyn was a "decent human being" and was "principled" but said ultimately: "He can't lead the Labour Party in a general election because he's not likely to win." He said the party must widen its appeal outside its "comfort zone". He had continued as shadow Scottish secretary under Mr Corbyn, having initially been given the role by acting leader Harriet Harman in May 2015. Seema Malhotra, John McDonnell's number two in the shadow Treasury team, has resigned from the shadow cabinet. She wrote to Mr Corbyn that she was proud to have served in his top team but said "the Labour Party is bigger than any of us individually. It is also now hugely divided and those divisions are growing ... I have come to the view that under your leadership we will not be able to build bridges across the party". MP for the London seat of Feltham and Heston since a 2011 by-election, she was made shadow minister for preventing violence against women and girls by the then Labour leader Ed Miliband.  The Nottingham South MP told the BBC she had had "concerns and doubts" about Mr Corbyn's leadership for a while but the prospect of a snap general election had made her think about whether she could ask voters to back him for prime minister. "Sadly I don't think Jeremy is in a position to provide the leadership that we need to be able to offer the voters and the country." She has represented her constituency since 2010 and was promoted from shadow rail minister under Ed Miliband's leadership.  Vernon Coaker has resigned. Earlier the MP for Gedling told the BBC's Sunday Politics East Midlands: "All of us have to consider the positions we hold, to find the best way forward for our party... People are going to have to make quick decisions." He was shadow Northern Ireland secretary and shadow defence secretary under Ed Miliband. Mr Coaker - who chaired Yvette Cooper's Labour leadership campaign - was also minister for schools under Gordon Brown. Lord Falconer has resigned as shadow justice secretary - a role to which he had been appointed before Mr Corbyn's election as leader, by acting leader Harriet Harman. A former flatmate and close ally of former prime minister Tony Blair, he served as Lord Chancellor under the Blair government.  Karl Turner, who attended shadow cabinet meetings, has resigned as shadow attorney general "with a very heavy heart". The MP for Kingston Upon Hull East, a former shadow solicitor general, had replaced Catherine McKinnell who resigned in January, also citing concerns about Labour's direction under Mr Corbyn.  The MP for Rhondda moved to the role from the job of shadow culture secretary. Mr Bryant, who backed Yvette Cooper in the leadership contest, has also been the shadow work and pensions, and Home Office, minister. He was offered the job of shadow defence secretary but turned it down due to disagreements with Mr Corbyn on defence policy. The veteran Labour left-winger is best friends with Mr Corbyn and co-ordinated his election campaign. Amid reports of further expected shadow cabinet resignations, he told the BBC rebels should "calm down, listen to their members" and remember a basic principle of the Labour Party, "solidarity". He said Mr Corbyn had done well in electoral tests so far - by-elections and the local and mayoral elections. "he's not going anywhere .. the support out there is enormous," he said. He said Mr Corbyn was "not going" as leader and, whatever happened: "I will never stand for leadership of the Labour Party". He said he and Mr Corbyn had been friends for decades adding: "I will always have his back."    The MP for Hayes and Harlington previously stood for Labour leader in 2007 and 2010. A prominent rebel under previous Labour leaders, he sparked outrage in 2003 by saying IRA terrorists should be "honoured" for taking part in their "armed struggle", while attending a gathering  to commemorate the IRA hunger striker Bobby Sands.  Mr Watson was at the Glastonbury festival when Mr Benn was sacked and has headed back to London. Returning to London he said he was "deeply disappointed" that Hilary Benn had been sacked and "equally saddened" by the shadow cabinet resignations. He said his focus was on party unity and he would be meeting Mr Corbyn for talks "to discuss the way forward".  The former trade union official entered Parliament in 2001 as MP for West Bromwich. He was a minister under Tony Blair, but resigned in 2006, calling for the then prime minister to quit. He was a Cabinet Office minister and deputy party chairman under Gordon Brown.  The Islington South MP told the BBC it was "extraordinary" that some of her colleagues thought it was the right time for a leadership challenge. "I'm not going to resign," she said. She said at "a time like this when the Tory party are pulling themselves apart, when nobody has any idea where the country is going" the Labour Party should "remain unified as a party".  Ms Thornberry was promoted to the shadow cabinet in January 2015 during a protracted reshuffle, which led to the sacking of two leading shadow ministers - Michael Dugher and Pat McFadden - and the resignation of a number of junior spokesmen in protest.  The wife of a High Court judge, she was a ministerial aide under Gordon Brown and served as shadow attorney general under Ed Miliband. However, she was sacked in November 2014 after posting a tweet of an image of a white van outside a house bedecked with St George's flags on the eve of the Rochester by-election - a tweet construed to be disparaging and for which she apologised. She nominated Mr Corbyn in the leadership election.  Another veteran left-winger Diane Abbott, seen as being close to Mr Corbyn, described the resignations as a "kind of Westminster bubble coup" and said they were "not what the party wants".  She said the "coup attempt" was "long planned" by those opposed to Mr Corbyn's leadership and said it was "disingenuous" to to say things had changed because of the EU referendum result. "Ordinary party members will not understand why Labour MPs want to set themselves at odds with the membership," she said. Ms Abbott stood in the Labour leadership contest in 2010 - losing to Ed Miliband. A prominent rebel against the Blair and Brown governments, she voted against the party line on issues including tuition fees and the war in Iraq. She is MP for the east London seat of Hackney North and Stoke Newington. As news of shadow cabinet resignations came in, Mr Trickett, one of Jeremy Corbyn's most senior backers in the Parliamentary Labour Party, told the BBC News Channel: "If they want to have a contest, let them say who their candidate is, let them say what their programme for Britain is and let's have a leadership contest and let's test the argument." He said Mr Corbyn "will be on the ballot paper" in any leadership contest.  "There are now hundreds of thousands of party members and I think... let's see what they think about the future." The MP for Hemsworth, is one of Jeremy Corbyn's most senior backers in the Parliamentary Labour Party.  Angela Eagle, who represented the Remain side in some of the EU TV debates, had been tipped as a potential shadow chancellor but was given the business brief instead. She was also announced as shadow first secretary of state and deputises for Mr Corbyn at Prime Minister's Questions. The MP for Wallasey stood in the deputy leadership contest and was also a cabinet minister under Gordon Brown.  A former government minister for transport, work and pensions and local government at different times under Gordon Brown, the MP for Doncaster Central retained the crucial job of shadow chief whip when Mr Corbyn became leader. Ms Winterton, a former aide to John Prescott, filled the same role throughout Ed Miliband's leadership.   The former shadow Welsh secretary said it was a "great honour" to be appointed to the work and pensions brief. Before entering politics, the MP for Pontypridd spent 10 years working as a BBC journalist.  The Wigan MP, seen as being on the left of the party, was previously a shadow Cabinet Office and education minister. Left wing journalist Owen Jones says he considered starting a campaign to make her leader after Ed Miliband. The identical twin sister of the party's new business spokeswoman, Angela Eagle. The Garston and Halewood MP was previously shadow defence secretary but was moved to the less high-profile brief after clashing with Mr Corbyn over the UK's Trident nuclear missile system. She was also in favour of renewing Trident and voted to support air strikes against Islamic State in Syria.  The MP for Llanelli since 2005. She was shadow minister for Wales under the last leadership and also served as a shadow business minister. Ms Griffith said she was "very honoured" to be appointed to the shadow cabinet. The Labour MP for Basildon until 2010, Baroness Smith served as a Cabinet Office minister under Gordon Brown's government. She kept the position she had held since May 2015 under Mr Corbyn. Former leader of Brighton and Hove City Council, he has held the chief whip position since May 2010. Mr Healey is shadowing a portfolio he held under Gordon Brown. The Wentworth and Dearne MP held a range of post during the Labour government, including financial secretary to the Treasury and local government minister. The former head of the National Council for One Parent Families and the Child Poverty Action group was made a shadow minister by Ed Miliband after entering Parliament in 2010. The MP for Stretford and Urmston was promoted to the shadow cabinet by Jeremy Corbyn. The Liverpool Wavertree MP backed Andy Burnham in the leadership election. She was a shadow health minister under Ed Miliband.