 Comedy writer and actress Caroline Aherne has died at the age of 52. Aherne, star and writer of The Royle Family and The Mrs Merton Show, had suffered from cancer, her publicist said.  Aherne was also the narrator of Gogglebox and appeared in The Fast Show.  Her publicist Neil Reading said on Saturday: "Caroline Aherne has sadly passed away, after a brave battle with cancer. "The Bafta award-winning writer and comedy actor died earlier today at her home in Timperley, Greater Manchester. She was 52. "The family ask for privacy at this very sad time."   Aherne had spoken of her diagnosis with cancer while addressing an appeal to approve cancer care in Manchester in 2014, saying: "I've had cancer and my brother's had cancer and we know how it affects people." She said she and her brother had been born with cancer of the retina, adding: "My mum told us that only special people get cancer. I must be very special because I've had it in my lungs and my bladder as well." Aherne's co-stars and fellow comics have been paying tribute to her. Sue Johnston, who played Barbara - the mother of Aherne's character Denise - in The Royle Family, said: "I am devastated at her passing and I am numb with grief." The Fast Show co-star Arabella Weir told the BBC Aherne was "an absolute genius" and that "everything she said was funny".  She said: "She was one of those people who was - without being attention seeking - always, always funny, even when you weren't filming.  "Everything she said was just killingly funny. She was just a great and she was a gentle, kind, easygoing person. She was great to work with. She never made a fuss. She was just a real laugh to be around." Broadcaster Terry Christian, who had also worked alongside Aherne, said: "What it was with Caroline was she was genuinely one of the funniest people just in the pub.  "A lot of comedians aren't. You know they go away, write it all down and you know in real life there's nothing.  "Whereas with Caroline, she was so naturally sharp and witty and that's why everything she did had that risk factor in. You know if you look at the Mrs Merton Show, none of it was set up. Not a single question with the audience was set up." Comedian Sarah Millican said: "So sad. What a wonderful talent she was." Aherne was born in London but grew up in Wythenshawe, Manchester. Her brother Patrick has said she was the family joker, adding: "Nobody else in the family was like that. But she was funny from the time she was really little."  She studied drama at Liverpool Polytechnic then started work as a secretary at the BBC before finding national fame in the mid-1990s with Mrs Merton, in which she starred as the eponymous chat show host, and The Fast Show.  The Royle Family, which ran for three series and featured in several specials, told the story of a dysfunctional family. Aherne wrote it with co-star Craig Cash, drawing on her own childhood experiences and the people she met growing up.   It won four awards, including best actress for Aherne, at the 1999 British Comedy Awards, before going on to pick up the best sitcom Bafta in 2000 and 2007. In the Mrs Merton Show, a series of guests were subjected to questions in front of an audience of pensioners. One much-quoted example is when Mrs Merton asked Debbie McGee: "And what first attracted you to the millionaire Paul Daniels?". The Mrs Merton Christmas Show won the best talk show Bafta in 1997. Aherne was nominated for Baftas for her performances in both shows, as well as for directing The Royle Family in 2001.   BBC director general Tony Hall said: "We are deeply saddened to learn of Caroline's death.  "She was a brilliant, award-winning comedy writer and performer, much loved by audiences - especially for The Royle Family and Mrs Merton and for her wonderful voicing of many shows.  "Our thoughts are with her family and friends." Former ITV chairman Lord Grade said: "We have lost a most original talent. The Royle Family will live in the mind with the greatest situation comedies."