 Thursday is polling day in the UK's EU referendum. Here's what to watch out for as events unfold. Polls are open in the UK until 22:00 BST (they close an hour earlier in Gibraltar at 22:00 local time). Any voter who arrives at a polling station before this time will be able to vote. There is no need to bring your polling card when you go to vote, but in Northern Ireland, you have to take a form of photo ID. Read more on how to cast your vote After polls close at 22:00 BST, sealed ballot boxes will be collected and transported to the count venue for each of the 382 local counting areas. These represent all 380 local government areas in England, Scotland and Wales, plus one each for Northern Ireland and Gibraltar. Individual areas' results will then be declared throughout the night, along with results from 11 national and regional centres. Although the results are declared by local authority area, a referendum is different to a general election in that every individual vote across the UK counts equally towards the final result. Local counting areas vary from Birmingham (nearly 700,000 eligible voters) to the Isles of Scilly (about 1,700) so the amount of time spent counting will vary widely. How the referendum votes are counted BBC One, the BBC News Channel and BBC Parliament will broadcast a results show hosted by David Dimbleby alongside BBC experts and special guests from 21:55 BST. Coverage continues through the night and Sophie Raworth, Andrew Neil and Victoria Derbyshire pick up the coverage on Friday morning. The results programme will be streamed internationally on the BBC News website from 22:00 BST. BBC Radio 5 live will have coverage as the results come in, as will Radio 4 from 23:00 BST until the Today programme picks up at 06:00 BST on Friday.  From 22:00 GMT, television viewers outside the UK can tune in via BBC World News and BBC World News America. Listeners outside the UK can tune into BBC World Service radio for regular updates. It's hard to be certain how things will pan out, as this is only the third UK-wide referendum and there are notable differences with the previous two. Depending on how close the poll is, the result may become clear before the final national result is officially declared by the chief counting officer, who will be based at Manchester Town Hall. The Electoral Commission estimates a final result "around breakfast time" on Friday. Once the final result has been declared, a breakdown of the results will be released on a local and regional level.