 Scotland's first minister is expected to update MSPs later on her efforts to keep Scotland in the European Union.  Nicola Sturgeon will answer First Minister's Questions, a day after meeting senior officials in Brussels.  Ms Sturgeon said she had received a "sympathetic response" and left in "good heart".  But both France and Spain have said they oppose Scotland negotiating separately from the rest of the UK to stay in the EU. Ms Sturgeon has pledged to do everything possible to "protect Scotland's place in the EU" after Scotland voted in Thursday's referendum in favour of remaining in the EU, by 62% to 38%, while the UK as a whole voted to leave.  On Wednesday she held talks with European Parliament president Martin Schulz and the leaders of several of the groups in the European Parliament before going on to meet European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker. Did they see eye to eye? - Analysis from Brian Taylor, BBC Scotland political editor Is Nicola Sturgeon's initiative entirely thwarted before it begins? By no means. Yes, the Spanish statement is a challenge - and it is possible to argue that President Juncker may have to pay heed to a member state which intends to stay in the EU rather than a part of a member state which is on the verge of leaving. But Ms Sturgeon's declared objective in these early talks was simply to highlight Scotland's case. To put Scotland's position on the table, to borrow a phrase she has used at home. Read Brian's blog in full Later Ms Sturgeon said: "I have found huge interest here in the referendum result, and a sympathetic response to the position Scotland finds itself in - a position not of our making, and not one we wanted.  "I'm not here to reach conclusions or press for decisions or commitments. I'm here to ensure that Scotland's voice is being heard - and that Scotland's position is being understood. It is.‎  "I have found open doors."  Two EU leaders, however, appeared to pour cold water on the prospect of Scotland negotiating any special arrangements after the Brexit vote.  Acting Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy said: "Spain opposes any negotiation by anyone other than the government of United Kingdom. "I am extremely against it, the treaties are extremely against it and I believe everyone is extremely against it. If the United Kingdom leaves... Scotland leaves." French president Francois Hollande took a similar position. "The negotiations will be conducted with the United Kingdom, not with a part of the United Kingdom," he said. Holyrood's Europe committee is also due to discuss the fallout from the Brexit vote.  Academics will give evidence on the implications of the referendum, including Prof Sir David Edward, a former European Court of Justice judge. More than 1,000 people attended a  pro-EU rally held outside the Scottish Parliament on Wednesday evening. The event was organised by the Young European Movement (YEM) Edinburgh.