 You've spent half your life in prison, now you're released, but the world has changed - who can you trust, how can you put your life back together and re-join society?  You're a doctor, your daughter had died suddenly in the hospital where you work - you have incredible personal and professional issues to deal with, who can you turn to for help?  With a history of depression you're being asked to take a course in bicycle building as a form of therapy  - is that really going to help? These are the real life stores which won the recent All in the Mind Awards. BBC Radio 4's long running psychology and mental health programme All in the Mind asked listeners who had experienced mental health issues to nominate those who had gone out of their way to help them.   Winner in the personal category was Jane Clement, from the Bristol area, nominated by her friend and neighbour Charlotte Forsyth.  Charlotte's daughter died in the hospital where she worked after a sudden illness.  For many people getting back to work can help with bereavement, but as Charlotte's daughter had died in her workplace, being there made matters worse.  On Jane winning the award Charlotte said, it was a great token of what Jane's help has meant to her: "Over the past 18 months Jane has just been there, I couldn't have got back to work , I couldn't have been here without her." Glasgow's Common Wheel project won the group or project award.  Christopher Raymond who nominated this winning project said the activity of building bikes got him though the day. "You are not concentrating on what your thoughts are, really you are more thinking about making this other thing. "The distraction makes the difference." The Professional category winner was case worker Amy Wollny from the organisation Turning Point.  After spending half his life in prison John - not his real name - was helped to turn his life around.  John said: "To be here is amazing, I'm so happy because she deserves it so much, people who are amazing don't realise it - and that's Amy." One of the judges novelist Matt Haig, author of Reasons to Stay Alive, a memoir of his own depression said he was continually surprised by the range of subject covered, but also found the process of shortlisting the entries challenging. "Emotionally you need to take a time out because you're reading incredibly personal emotional stories, a lot of it is very uplifting but also intense -  but really making a difference to people's lives." Fellow judge and mental health campaigner Marion Janner added. "The awards have an extraordinary impact, uplifting, moving sometimes heart-breaking stories about people united with an exceptional resilience, tenacity and good humour  -from both the people living with a mental issues and those supporting them." Claudia Hammond, All in the Mind presenter, added: "The awards provided the chance for people to talk at length about their mental health issues, in a way that we don't often hear.   "It was reassuring to hear that in times when many services are stretched, there are still some amazing projects out there.  "It's also humbling to see how far people are prepared to go to help to their friends, or employees or even their neighbours."