 Ten people remain in hospital after a rollercoaster crash at a theme park in North Lanarkshire. Police Scotland said they were all taken to local hospitals but did not release details of their conditions. The park's owners said they were co-operating with a joint police and Heath and Safety Executive investigation. Witnesses said people were trapped upside down on the Tsunami ride when it crashed at 15:37 BST.  Katie Burns, who had just finished riding the rollercoaster, wrote on Facebook that she watched in disbelief as it derailed. She said: "Honestly never been so scared in my life, with this weather they should not be on. "Kids and adults are still on it upside down, it's like something out of a horror film, children crying and everything. "Literally can't believe this, my heart goes out to everyone on it, a full load came off the track and on the pavement, like a horror film worse thing ever heard and seen, can't get over this." The park was evacuated as six ambulances and six fire engines attended the scene. Ch Insp David Bruce said: "On arrival it became clear a series of five gondolas connected on a train on the Tsunami ride had detached from the rails, struck the superstructure and then struck the ground. "They [the gondolas] fell less than 20 feet. It would appear that they had been coming round a bend and at that point it detached." The ride travels at up to 40mph through corkscrew turns and loops but police could not confirm the speed it was moving at when it derailed.  A spokesman for the theme park's operators M&D's said: "As a family-run business, our thoughts are with those who have been injured and their families. "We wish everyone a full recovery. We are co-operating fully with Police Scotland and the Health and Safety Executive on their joint investigation to ascertain the cause of the accident." It is not the first time the park has experienced problems with its rides, including Tsunami. Nine passengers, including children, were stranded for eight hours on the ride in July 2011 when it came to a halt 60 ft (18.2m) above the ground. The malfunction was blamed on a broken lift chain. In March, eight people had to be rescued by firefighters when the park's Tornado rollercoaster ground to a halt 20 ft (6m) in the air. The injured are being cared for at Glasgow Royal Infirmary, Wishaw General and the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital. Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also contact us in the following ways: