 The long-awaited Chilcot report into the Iraq war is due to be published on Wednesday, seven years after it was first commissioned by former Prime Minister Gordon Brown. As Tony Blair's former spokesman and key government "spin doctor" Alastair Campbell's role will also come under scrutiny.  He played a key role in drawing-up the government's September 2002 dossier on Iraq's alleged weapons of mass destruction, containing the controversial claim that they could be deployed within 45 minutes. During his evidence to the Iraq Inquiry, Mr Campbell said he had provided "presentational" support on the key September 2002 dossier but Downing Street did not try to "beef up or over-ride" the judgements of the intelligence agencies. Jack Straw served as foreign secretary in Tony Blair's cabinet during the Iraq war. Mr Blix said Mr Straw had been incorrect to suggest, in 2002, that UN weapons inspectors were not being allowed access to certain sites. "I'm puzzled by some of the things Jack Straw said," Mr Blix told BBC World's Hardtalk programme. In the run up to the invasion, the UK government published two dossiers giving the case against Saddam Hussein. These documents have been subject to debate ever since. It claimed Iraq had a continuing programme of chemical and biological weapons, had tried to acquire nuclear material from Africa and - its key point - claimed Iraq could launch an attack within 45 minutes. In a foreword, Mr Blair wrote: "I am in no doubt that the threat is serious and current, that he has made progress on WMD and that he has to be stopped." Former chief UN weapons inspector, Hans Blix, has previously accused the British government of using spin in its second dossier on Iraq's weapons of mass destruction, talking of a "culture of spin, of hyping". During the fighting there were instances of equipment shortages proving fatal.  An Army report found that he had to give up his enhanced body armour because of shortages, four days before his death. The soldier's widow Samantha Roberts later released an audio diary in which her husband had called supplies to soldiers "a joke". Other families of soldiers killed in Iraq have also criticised equipment shortages.  The father of L/Cpl Tom Keys said their deaths had been caused by "negligence". There were further problems with Snatch Land Rovers, with 27 soldiers being killed while using the vehicles. Former attorney general Lord Goldsmith's advice to Tony Blair on the legality of going to war in Iraq was crucial. Until a month before the 2003 invasion, he believed it would be unlawful to invade Iraq without a further United Nations Security Council resolution. But he changed his mind a month later after being persuaded to talk to senior US government lawyers and Britain's ambassador to the UN, Sir Jeremy Greenstock. He eventually gave the "green light" for an invasion after deciding force was justified by UN accords on Iraq dating back to 1991. On 24 February 2003, the UK and the US attempted to persuade the Security Council to pass a further resolution authorising the use of force. On 7 March 2003 weapons inspector Hans Blix told the UN that Iraq had taken significant steps to comply with its disarmament obligations, but said there were still unanswered questions. On 17 March 2003 the UK, the US and Spain abandoned their attempt to secure a second UN resolution authorising force, and the invasion was launched three days later. Lord Goldsmith said he stood by his advice to the then prime minister. The Department for International Department is expected to be criticised.  He told the Iraq inquiry that soldiers did much of the reconstruction, with the international development department "particularly uncooperative". They were not sure the Iraqis "were poor enough to deserve aid", he said. Clare Short, then international development secretary in Tony Blair's government, resigned in May 2003 in protest at planning for the war's aftermath. In a BBC documentary British envoy to Iraq, Sir Jeremy Greenstock, said no-one had focused on the long-term security of Iraq. "There was a vacuum from the beginning into which looters, saboteurs, the criminals, the insurgents moved very quickly," he said.