 A two-minute silence will mark the centenary of the start of the bloodiest battle in British military history.  People across Scotland will fall silent at 07:28, marking the exact moment the first wave of men went over the top in the Battle of the Somme.  It follows an overnight vigil by servicemen and veterans at the National War Memorial in Edinburgh.  First Minister Nicola Sturgeon will join members of the Royal Family at a remembrance service in France later.  Separate ceremonies in Edinburgh and France will mark the losses of the 15th and 16th battalions of the Royal Scots.  And in Glasgow two paving stones will be unveiled honouring local soldiers who received the Victoria Cross for bravery at the Somme.   More than a million men were wounded or killed in the 141-day battle, the most devastating encounter of World War One.  At Scotland's National War Memorial, the two-minute silence will end when Lt Col Alan Hamilton sounds the whistle used by his uncle at the Somme.  He said his relative, Robert, a member of the Royal Artillery attached to one of the Scottish units, blew the whistle at 07:30 to take his men over the top.  "It was a lesson to everyone that that was not the way to conduct warfare and it changed the way the British army operated," he said. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Prince Harry, and Ms Sturgeon will mark the anniversary at the Thiepval Memorial to the Missing in France.  About 70,000 British and Commonwealth soldiers with no known grave are commemorated at the site. Ms Sturgeon said: "Fifty-one Scottish battalions were involved, and the losses suffered by those units - and those from the other countries involved - were on an almost unimaginable scale. "Barely a single community in Scotland was left untouched by the battle.  "Across Scotland communities are now remembering those who gave their lives, and a whole century on from the devastation and suffering of the Battle of the Somme, we should all reflect on the horrors of the Great War and give thanks that our continent now lives in peace." In Edinburgh and France, services will also be held to remember the men of the 15th and 16th Royal Scots, which was better known as McCrae's Battalion after its colonel, Sir George McCrae. Veterans Secretary Keith Brown will be at a ceremony at a cairn erected in their memory in the French village of Contalmaison. He said: "The courage and sacrifice of those who fought in the Battle of the Somme should never be forgotten." Mr Brown added: "Today we reflect on and remember the supreme sacrifice of McCrae's Battalion and the others who lost their lives at the Somme." Sgt James Turnbull and Drummer Walter Ritchie will be remembered outside the People's Palace on Glasgow Green later.  In ceremonies led by the Lord Provost of Glasgow, and attended by the men's relatives, commemorative paving stones will be unveiled.  Both men were awarded a Victoria Cross for acts of bravery on the first day of the Battle of the Somme.  Sgt Turnbull, who was hit by a sniper's bullet, died shortly afterwards, but Drummer Ritchie survived the war and later picked up his VC at Buckingham Palace.  In Fife, a tribute to the soldiers of the Somme will be etched into the sand of Elie beach.  A group of artists will begin their drawing of soldiers returning from the front line at "the crack of dawn".  Students from Waid Academy in Anstruther will write in the sand the names of 44 local teachers and students who died in the war.  Organisers Sand In Your Eye said the tide was expected to wash away the huge sand drawing by 09:30. 