 "That's made my life." Perhaps it was the rush to get to work or university, perhaps it was shock at the result, perhaps it was just the thick pea soup fog, but many people were reluctant to speak. I tried not to take it personally. While the UK voted to leave, Aberdeen voters were 61.1% in favour of remaining. Some people did not even know the overall result when I approached them. One young lady, touching my arm apologetically, said as she rushed off: "I really don't have anything to say." BBC Scotland took to the streets of towns and cities across the country to find out what people feel about the decision to leave the EU. Then I spotted a lollipop man. He can't avoid me, I thought.  "I don't know the result," he said when I asked what he thought of the outcome. "You can't do anything about it now," he added, when I told him. A young man took his headphones out when I approached him. "I can speak to you if you walk with me," he said. Walking at a brisk pace, the medical student said: "I have mixed feelings. "Personally I am quite left wing and believe anything more localised is good. But I think it's quite a xenophobic vote. "I was a little surprised at the result. "What will Scotland do now? It's anyone's guess." Retired architect William Mitchell, 73, said: "I am not surprised. I wanted to come out. "Things will get bad and then improve. I expect things to dip and then we will get a grip." Walking dogs was retired 68-year-old carer Percy Humphrey. He didn't know the result yet. As I patted one of the dogs, I told him. "That's made my life", he said, his eyes lighting up. "I thought it was odds on we would not leave because of all the scaremongering. "It will maybe help sort things out, and we can use any extra money towards all the cutbacks. "I was hoping it would be a leave vote, but feared it would be like watching Andy Murray getting beat in another final." He added: "There's too much going on for another independence referendum." So I left breaking that news to others on the streets of Aberdeen to someone else.