 On the fifth day after the referendum in which the UK voted to leave the European Union, the Reality Check team looks at some of the claims and promises made during the campaign by Leave campaigners who now appear to have modified their positions. One of the key claims of the campaign centred around control of immigration levels.  She said voting to remain meant there would be "no control" over migration from the EU, "no matter how great the pressure on schools, hospitals and housing becomes or how much wages in our poorest communities are pushed down". Similarly, leading pro-Leave campaigner and Tory leader frontrunner Boris Johnson said that the only solution to the scale of immigration the UK was facing was to leave the EU.  The Leave campaign also repeatedly linked EU migration with pressure on public services.  On the 20 May, Vote Leave produced a document it claimed outlined the pressure that migration from the European Union would put on the NHS -  a 28% to 57% increase in demand for accident and emergency services.  He wrote: "It is said that those who voted Leave were mainly driven by anxieties about immigration. I do not believe that is so." And speaking to the BBC's Newsnight programme on Saturday, MEP Daniel Hannan insisted the public had not been misled over how much control the country would have over immigration post-Brexit.  "Frankly, if people watching think that they have voted and there is now going to be zero immigration from the EU, they are going to be disappointed." One of the most controversial claims of the campaign was that the UK sends £350m a week (or £50m a day) to Brussels, which could be spent on the NHS instead. Vote Leave's Gisela Stuart was among those to make the claim, saying "Every week we send £350m to Brussels. I'd rather that we control how to spend that money, and if I had that control I would spend it on the NHS." Many bodies including the UK Statistics Authority pointed out that we do not send that much a week because the rebate is deducted before any money is spent. Over the weekend,  Nigel Farage said making the claim had been "a mistake". On Sunday's Andrew Marr Show, Iain Duncan Smith was shown a Vote Leave poster saying: "Let's give our NHS the £350m the EU takes every week," but he denied that promise had been made and said instead that the NHS would receive "the lion's share" of money that would no longer be spent on the EU. The actual amount sent to Brussels each week in 2014 was £276m, a little over £100m of which is spent on things in the UK such as subsidising farmers and funding research, which the Leave campaign also promised to continue funding until 2020. During the campaign, some Leave campaigners said that the UK outside of the EU would not need preferential access to the single market and would just trade under World Trade Organization rules. But writing in the Telegraph on Monday, Boris Johnson quoted German employers' organisation the BDI saying there would continue to be free trade and access to the single market. The BDI later denied this. If the UK wanted to retain preferential access to the single market, many European politicians say it would have to continue to accept freedom of movement. Boris Johnson said that British people would continue to be able to live, work and study in the EU, while at the same time the UK would be able to introduce a points-based system to control migration. The UK can certainly aim to secure such a deal.  But no country so far has managed a deal that allows full preferential access to the single market without having to accept freedom of movement.  Read more: The facts behind claims in the EU debate