 Donald Trump promised a bare-knuckles speech with sweeping attacks on Hillary Clinton, and on Wednesday he delivered it. He accused the Democratic presumptive nominee of criminal corruption. He called her a "world-class liar". He offered a bullet-point summation of an anti-Clinton book written by a conservative commentator. And he read a letter from the widow of a police officer killed by an undocumented immigrant who said the former secretary of state had the "blood of so many on her hands" and should "go to prison to pay for the crimes she has already committed against this country". Guided by his teleprompter, Mr Trump offered a more focused, methodical attack on Mrs Clinton than he has normally produced in his stump speeches, but it wasn't any less inflammatory - or prone to occasional exaggerations and misrepresentations. If Mr Trump will be a more polished candidate with the change of campaign leadership announced this week, it seems clear he will be no less the brash, braggadocious candidate that stormed through the Republican primary season. He emerged from that campaign victorious - but is now struggling to find his footing in a one-on-one battle with his Democratic foe. Wednesday's speech was his most significant effort to date to regain his equilibrium and shift focus to his opponent's record. Here are the five primary lines of attack Mr Trump relied on in his Wednesday speech - and what they could mean for the presidential race in the weeks and months to come. "This election will decide whether we are ruled by the people or by the politicians." How do you take down a woman who has credentials as a secretary of state and a US senator, is the wife of a two-term president and has been in and around politics for three decades? By painting her as the embodiment of a "rigged" system that is designed to benefit the rich and connected at the expense of average Americans. The outsider-v-insider strategy is a familiar one in US politics - run successfully by Barack Obama, Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton himself. And given the levels of anxiety and anti-establishment animosity over the course of the past year, it could be Mr Trump's most effective way of framing the race. Mr Trump opened on this front - "We will never be able to fix a rigged system by counting on the same people who rigged it in the first place" - before moving to a direct appeal to the backers of Bernie Sanders, the man who effectively ran a similar type of strategy against Mrs Clinton in the Democratic primaries. He responded to Mrs Clinton's campaign slogan "I'm with her" by saying that he's with the American people - mirroring the "He's with us" line many Sanders supporters touted during their campaign. "I have visited the cities and towns across America and seen the devastation caused by the trade policies of Bill and Hillary Clinton." Nothing encapsulates the bizarro nature of this year's presidential campaign better than the sight of a presumptive Republican nominee attacking his Democratic opponent for supporting free trade deals. But Mr Trump is a different kind of Republican nominee - more in the economic populist mould of Pat Buchanan and Ross Perot than Chamber of Commerce darlings Mitt Romney and John McCain. During the Democratic primary campaign, Mrs Clinton backed off her previous support of the Trans-Pacific Partnership after Mr Sanders used it to paint her as being against working-class voters. Now Mr Trump, with his condemnations of "globalisation", appears set on picking up where the Vermont senator left off and running firmly to Mrs Clinton's left on the trade issue. "She ran the State Department like her own personal hedge fund - doing favours for oppressive regimes, and many others, in exchange for cash." Mr Trump levelled a number of explosive charges against Mrs Clinton - the types of accusations that permeate the conservative blogosphere and talk-radio circuit but are unusual coming from the party's presumptive nominee, who traditionally takes a higher road. He accused her, in essence, of criminal graft - using her powers as secretary of state to line her own pockets. He said she gave favourable trade deals and made business arrangements in exchange for lucrative speaking fees for her husband, allowed uranium tranfers to Russia in return for millions of dollars directed to the Clinton Foundation and accepted millions from mid-east countries that oppress gays and women. To support his claims, he cited the book Clinton Cash by conservative commentator Peter Schweizer of Breitbart News. "I only want to admit people who share our values and love our people. Hillary Clinton wants to bring in people who believe women should be enslaved and gays put to death." After his widely panned speech on immigration and national security last week following the Orlando shooting, Mr Trump was more delicate in his handling of the issue on Wednesday. He once again repeated charges that Mrs Clinton supports a "radical 550% increase" in refugees from Syria, although he doesn't mention that the increase is from 10,000 to 65,000. Interestingly, he largely framed the immigration debate in terms of jobs and what he identified as the anti-gay, anti-women views of Muslims.  He said Mrs Clinton's "Wall Street immigration agenda" will bring in low-wage workers that hurt minority communities. And he noted that the father of the Orlando shooter was from Afghanistan, "one of the most repressive anti-gay and anti-women regimes on earth". And he once again implied that Mrs Clinton's position on immigration may be due to the donations she received while at the State Department. "The Hillary Clinton foreign policy has cost America thousands of lives and trillions of dollars - and unleashed Isis across the world." Mr Trump laid the Arab Spring uprising and all the resulting instability in the Mid-East squarely at Mrs Clinton's feet. He painted a picture of a world that was largely secure when she became secretary of state in 2009 - Iraq was growing more stable, Iran and Syria were under control, Egypt was friendly, Libya was "co-operating" and the so-called Islamic State "wasn't even on the map". Since then, he said, everything has basically gone to hell - and largely because Mrs Clinton supported intervention in Libya, backed "violent regime change in Syria" and stood by as the Muslim Brotherhood toppled Hosni Mubarak in Egypt. The attack on the US consulate in Benghazi also gets a mention, with Mr Trump directly blaming Mrs Clinton for Ambassador Chris Stevens's death. "He was left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed," Mr Trump said. 