 An Israeli man has been killed and his wife and two children wounded after their car was fired on in the occupied West Bank, the military says. The man - a father-of-10 - was killed when the car crashed after the attack near the Jewish settlement of Otniel. Israeli forces are searching for a Palestinian gunman. It is the second fatal attack on an Israeli in the West Bank in two days. On Thursday a 13-year-old girl was killed in her bedroom by a Palestinian. Thirty-five Israelis have now been killed in a wave of knife, gun and car-ramming attacks since October.  More than 200 Palestinians - mostly attackers, Israel says - have also been killed in that period. The assailants who have been killed have been shot either by their victims or by security forces as they carried out attacks. Some attackers have been arrested. The victims of Friday's attack were members of the same family. Local media named the dead man as 48-year-old Michael "Miki" Mark. His wife and two children were taken to hospital for treatment. In the wake of the attack, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ordered Israel to deduct from tax it collects on behalf of the Palestinian Authority (PA) the equivalent amount which the PA pays each month to Palestinian militants jailed in Israel. "Israel believes that the encouragement of terrorism by the PA leadership - in incitement and in payments to terrorists and their families - constitutes incentive for murder," the prime minister's office said. The shooting happened on Route 60, about nine miles (15km) south of the settlement of Kiryat Arba, where a day earlier teenager Hallel Yaffa Ariel was stabbed to death as she slept. Her attacker, from a nearby village, was shot dead by settlement guards. Hours before the shooting attack, a Palestinian woman was shot dead by security forces in Hebron, adjacent to Kiryat Arba, after drawing a knife, police said. Police said the woman had tried to stab a policewoman who was searching her at the entrance to a shrine revered by Jews and Muslims.  Elsewhere in the West Bank a Palestinian man died during clashes at the Qalandiya checkpoint, near Ramallah, where Muslims were trying to cross to Jerusalem for prayers.   Local hospital officials say he had a heart attack brought on by inhaling tear gas.