 The BBC has forecast that the UK has voted to leave the EU. Here is what is likely to happen next. Just before 04:45 BST the BBC forecast that the UK had voted out. The first thing to stress is that when the result is confirmed the UK will not leave immediately. The UK will still be a member of the European Union at this stage. The process of leaving will begin, however. David Cameron will almost certainly make a statement - more likely than not in Downing Street - after the result becomes clear. This will be followed by a statement to Parliament on Monday or earlier if MPs demand a special sitting on Friday or Saturday. Mr Cameron has insisted that he will not quit as prime minister even if it's a vote to leave.  However it remains widely expected that if it's confirmed that the British people have rejected his advice to stay in the EU, this would be the time to announce his departure.  All eyes will be on the City of London when trading starts at 08:00 BST. Some in the Leave camp acknowledged there would be a short-term "blip" in the markets but insist things will quickly return to normal. Bank Governor Mark Carney is likely to emerge as a key figure in the hours and days after a Leave vote and the European Central Bank is also likely to react swiftly given the scale of the changes to the EU that will follow a UK vote to leave.  All EU leaders want the UK to stay in the bloc and a Leave vote will be met with dismay and anger across the channel. EU leaders will probably convene an emergency summit, probably as early as the weekend. What will happen is difficult to predict. There has already been talk of other EU leaders offering fresh concessions in an attempt to keep the UK on board although both Leave and Remain campaigners have dismissed this, saying the will of the British people must be respected. And given Mr Juncker - the president of the European Commission - has suggested that "splitters will not be welcomed back with open arms", the atmosphere could potentially become quite toxic quite quickly. Europe's leaders, concerned about the rise of populist anti-EU parties in their own countries, will want a joint declaration of a determination to continue - and there will be demands for the UK to set out where it stands on key issues such as free movement, to reassure the 2.9 million EU citizens living in the UK that they will not be deported. Mr Cameron has already said that he will stand down before the next election due in 2020. If he decided to stay on it would take 50 MPs to write to the party's 1922 committee to trigger a vote of confidence in his leadership. Iain Duncan Smith, one of Mr Cameron's predecessors, was brought down in this way. Only a small handful of MPs have so far said they are prepared to do this but given the wounds that the campaign has opened up, this cannot be ruled out. This, as with Mr Cameron deciding to resign, raises the prospect of a Conservative leadership contest, which would take several months and could add a further layer of uncertainty to the EU exit negotiations.  Once Article 50 is triggered, there is no way back into the EU unless by unanimous consent from all other member states.  But quitting the EU is not an automatic process - it has to be negotiated with the remaining members. These negotiations are meant to be completed within two years but the European Parliament has a veto over any new agreement formalising the relationship between the UK and the EU. Leave campaigners Boris Johnson and Michael Gove have said there is no need to trigger Article 50 immediately. Only after extensive informal talks with other EU members and the European Commission will it become clear whether and how to trigger Article 50, Vote Leave has said.  The idea would be to allow other EU leaders the time to realise they need a "friendly" trade deal with the UK to continue exporting their consumer goods into the British market without tariffs. Also Britain could, technically, ignore all of this, the Vote Leave campaign says, and simply write the EU out of its laws, although that wouldn't make future negotiations any easier. So, depending on when the prime minister triggers Article 50, perhaps at some time in late summer, or early autumn 2016, if Britain votes to leave, negotiations would begin in Brussels on the terms of its exit and the nature of the UK's subsequent relationship with the EU. This would involve not only rescinding the European Communities Act, which gives primacy to EU law in the UK, but also sifting through an estimated 80,000 pages of EU agreements, which have been enacted over the past five decades to decide which will be repealed, amended or retained - a process which Parliament will want to oversee.  After two years, the UK would no longer be bound by existing EU Treaties unless both it and the other 27 states agree unanimously to extend the process of negotiations.  The majority of Britain's 650 MPs are in favour of Britain staying in the EU and while they will have to respect the will of the British people, they will not be silent bystanders.  This would mean Britain would have to keep its borders open to EU workers and continue paying into EU coffers.  They say it would be legitimate for MPs to do this because the Leave campaign has refused to spell out what trading relationship it wants the UK to have with the EU in the future - and it would demonstrate the sovereignty of Parliament the Leavers were so keen to restore. Then there is the question of who will do the negotiating for Britain. The most senior members of the government - David Cameron, Chancellor George Osborne, Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond and Home Secretary Theresa May - are all Remain supporters. The Leave side has said that it would be happy for the prime minister and senior civil servants - including Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood - to stay put to lead the negotiations although they would expect senior Leave figures to play a very prominent role. They have also called for figures from other parties, business, law and civil society to be drafted in to the negotiating team. Even if Mr Cameron stays, expect a major shake-up of the Cabinet with the likes of Michael Gove and Boris Johnson getting promotions. Mr Gove has been tipped as a potential deputy prime minister and lead Cabinet negotiator and the former mayor could also expect a plum job. As the Article 50 two-year deadline approaches after the vote to leave, the prime minister of the day will be under pressure to sort out the terms of Britain's exit and a new trade deal with the EU before the country ceases to be a member. It is possible, say Remain campaigners, that Britain's membership could cease and the UK revert to trading with the EU under World Trade Organisation rules, which would involve exporters being hit by import taxes, or tariffs. The deal would have to be agreed by a qualified majority on the council of ministers and be ratified by the member states. It would also have to be agreed by the European Parliament and MPs at Westminster. Under this scenario British ministers would return to Brussels, at some point, to negotiate a more favourable trade deal, which Remain campaigners have warned could take years, maybe even decades, to fully complete. The Leave campaign insists that a favourable trade deal could be done fairly rapidly because it would not be in the interests of France and Germany to lose access to the British market for its consumer goods. They also reject the two-year timetable for exit, saying the government should aim to complete negotiations on a new EU-UK trade deal by 2020. The SNP has warned if the UK overall votes to leave the EU but Scots vote to remain, Scotland would be taken out of the EU "against its will" and this could be the trigger for another independence vote. While SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon's failure to win a majority in last month's Holyrood elections means this will be harder to achieve, there are concerns in Westminster that a Leave vote could undermine the future of the Union. 