 The Queen has led events to mark 100 years since the Battle of the Somme, as overnight vigils got under way on the eve of the anniversary. Services have been held in Westminster Abbey in London and in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. At a vigil in France the Duke of Cambridge paid tribute to the fallen soldiers saying "we lost the flower of a generation".  On Friday at 07:28 BST a two-minute silence will mark the battle's start. It will be followed by events in the UK and near the WW1 battlefields in France. The Battle of the Somme, one of WW1's bloodiest, was fought in northern France and lasted five months. The British and French armies fought the Germans in a brutal battle of attrition on a 15-mile front.  In total, there were more than one million dead and wounded on all sides. The Somme: The battle that France forgot In pictures: Battle of the Somme The Queen was joined by the Duke of Edinburgh at the Westminster Abbey service. She laid a wreath of flowers on the Grave of the Unknown Warrior, where an overnight vigil is taking place. The tomb holds an unidentified British soldier killed on a European battlefield, brought back and buried in the abbey to honour the unknown dead of the war. By Nicholas Witchell, BBC royal correspondent  It was to Westminster Abbey that thousands went to pray during the desperate years of World War One. It was to the Abbey that the body of one unidentified serviceman was brought back from the Western Front to be buried amid the greatest honour on 11 November 1920, two years to the day after the Armistice which ended the war. And it was to Westminster Abbey that the Queen came to join a congregation in solemn remembrance of one of the most desperate moments of the war, the beginning of the Battle of the Somme. There has been no more grievous day in the history of the British army, whose soldiers died in their tens of thousands as they advanced on the German lines. In their remembrance - and in memory of all those who died - the Queen placed a wreath at the Grave of the Unknown Warrior.  A bugle used by the Welsh Guards at the Battle of the Somme sounded the Last Post. And an all-night vigil was mounted, to remember those young men who - 100 years ago tonight - waited in their trenches to face their destiny. The Bishop of London, the Right Reverend Dr Richard Chartres, said the legacy should be that people worked towards reconciliation to ensure children never endured what the First World War soldiers faced. Society must strive to reach an accord and reject "those who would stir up hatred and division," he said. Prime Minister David Cameron, who also spoke at the service, his wife Samantha and Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn were among other figures at the service. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry paid their respects in France, attending a vigil at the Thiepval Memorial, located close to the battlefields of the Somme, near Amiens in the north of the country. Prince William spoke of European governments "including our own" who failed to "prevent the catastrophe of world war". "We lost the flower of a generation; and in the years to come it sometimes seemed that with them a sense of vital optimism had disappeared forever from British life," he said. "It was in many ways the saddest day in the long story of our nation." Prince Harry also spoke at the event, reading the poem Before Action, written by Lieutenant WN Hodgson of the 9th Battalion the Devonshire Regiment, who wrote it days before he was killed in action on 1 July 1916. Before the vigil the three royals climbed to the top of the huge, newly renovated monument designed by Sir Edwin Lutyens to view the battlefield. Some 70,000 British and Commonwealth soldiers with no known grave are commemorated at the memorial. Earlier, the Dean of Westminster, the Very Reverend Dr John Hall, said: "As we imagine the feelings of those preparing for battle, the vigil will allow us to reflect on the cruel effects of warfare and to pray for lasting peace and justice in the world." "Those who fought bravely for our futures should never be forgotten," he said. A whistle, which was sounded to lead men over the top, will be blown by Scots soldier Alan Hamilton at 07:30 BST to mark, to the minute, 100 years since the battle began. The whistle belonged to his great uncle.  The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall, and 10,000 members of the public chosen by ballot - including hundreds of schoolchildren - will also attend a service of commemoration on Friday. The royal couple will then attend ceremonies for Northern Irish and Canadian victims of the battle at the nearby Ulster Tower and Beaumont-Hamel Newfoundland Memorial, respectively. The Duchess of Cornwall will lay a wreath at the grave of her great-uncle, Captain Harry Cubitt, who was killed on the Somme in September 1916 while serving with the Coldstream Guards.  He was the eldest, and the first, of three brothers to die serving on the Western Front. The Battle of the Somme was intended to achieve a decisive victory for the British and French against Germany's forces. The British army was forced to play a larger than intended role after the German attack on the French at Verdun in February 1916. Among the worst hit were the Pals battalions, volunteer units of limited fighting experience.  Many were told to walk slowly across no man's land, resulting in massive numbers of dead as they headed straight into German machine-gun fire. The 2,000 men of the 1st and 2nd Bradford Pals, both part of the West Yorkshire Regiment, suffered 1,770 casualties in the first hour of the offensive as they attacked the heavily fortified village of Serre. World War One finally ended in November 1918.