 If you want to know what happens when a country leaves the European Union, you might as well ask the Inuit. In one respect, I mean that seriously.  Greenland is the only other country ever to have left the EU - or the European Economic Community (EEC) as it was back in 1985. Residents of Greenland - including the Inuit - appear to have done well out of leaving, but then their only export is fish. So can residents of the UK expect to net similar gains, or are our personal finances destined for the deep freeze? That is likely to mean: So what, in turn, will that mean for our household finances? A rise in interest rates would also affect those in rented accommodation, as costs for landlords would go up. But amid fears that the vote for Brexit heralds a period of low growth, some economists are suggesting the Bank of England will cut interest rates. In which case, the cost of lending could actually fall.  David Tinsley, UK economist at UBS, said he expects two rate cuts from the Bank of England over the next six months, taking interest rates from a current record low of 0.5% to zero. And again, if the Bank of England were forced to cut rates, all these projections would be wrong. But let us not forget that the UK will remain a member of the EU for at least another two years, and predicting economic performance in two years' time is - even in normal circumstances - notoriously difficult. If you accept the argument that economic growth will be slower outside the EU - in the short term at least - the government's income could also fall, leaving it with less money to spend. Estimates of the size of that possible shortfall vary between £28bn and £44bn by 2019-20. Since the welfare budget amounts to about 28% of all government spending, it is logical that it might see a significant proportion of cuts, further reducing the generosity of tax credits and benefit payments. In reality, the UK's economic growth - and potential budget shortfalls - will very much depend on the precise nature of trade agreements, and whether the UK will be a member of the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be that the government decides not to keep its earlier promise to balance the books by 2020, known as the fiscal mandate. This would give it much more leeway to maintain benefit payments at current levels. But to do so would go against the Conservative government's promises at the last election, so would be difficult politically. Again, this assumes a poorer economy, and lower national income. If economic performance does deteriorate, the Bank of England could decide on a further programme of quantitative easing (QE), as an alternative to cutting interest rates. This would lower bond yields, and with them annuity rates. So anyone taking out a pension annuity could get less income for their money. Any rise in interest rates would be good news for savers. But during the campaign, the Treasury argued that UK shares would become less attractive to foreign investors should we leave the EU, and would therefore decline in value. In the longer term, this is by no means a certainty. Shares typically rise with company profits. Big exporters might benefit from the weaker pound, so the value of their shares might well rise, while importers might see profits squeezed. The big investment platform Hargreaves Lansdown has told its clients that it is impossible to know the long-term economic implications of Brexit. "We cannot assume an Out vote will be bad for the long-term prospects of the stock market," it said. A fall in the value of the pound will make holidays to the EU more expensive, as we will have to pay more for accommodation priced in euros. However, the cost of flights would depend on individual airlines, and whether the base price is in pounds or euros. Both Easyjet and Ryanair have argued that flights will become more expensive, as a result of more restrictive aviation rules. But IAG, the owner of British Airways, has said a UK exit from the EU would not affect its business. The cost of using a mobile phone in Europe could also rise. But in reality it would be up to a future UK government to decide whether to adopt the EU price restrictions or not. They are contained within a European regulation, not a directive, so they have not been incorporated into UK law.