 A new report has found it has become "more difficult" for Scots students to get a place at a university in Scotland. Public spending watchdog Audit Scotland has carried out its first major review of higher education. It detailed "significant challenges" facing the sector. The report highlighted a 6% real terms cut in the amount of cash universities receive from the Scottish Funding Council (SFC). The Scottish government provided more than £1.7bn to universities and students in 2014/15 but the study said institutions were "placing increasing reliance on generating income from fee-paying students from the rest of the UK and outside the European Union". As a result it said it had become "more difficult in recent years for Scottish and EU undergraduate students to gain a place at a Scottish university. "The main reason for this is that applications have increased at a greater rate than increases in the number of funded places available for Scottish and EU students," the report said. "Applications have increased by 23% since 2010, yet the number of offers made by universities has increased by only 9%." With ministers having committed to ensuring a fifth of university students come from the poorest areas by 2030, Audit Scotland warned if this was to be achieved without an increase in funded places, it would "likely mean fewer students from less deprived backgrounds being offered a university place". Students from Scotland and other EU countries are entitled to free tuition under the SNP's flagship education policy. Since 2012/13 undergraduates from England, Wales and Northern Ireland have had to pay fees of up to £9,000 a year, while the charges for international students from outside of Europe can be as much as £47,200 a year. With Audit Scotland saying the sector faces "a number of significant challenges", including the possibility of further cuts in government funding, the report highlighted the "increasing reliance" universities have on fee-paying students to boost their incomes. Of the 232,570 students at Scottish universities in 2014/15, 66% were Scottish, the report said, adding that "the student population is becoming increasingly international". At Scotland's four "ancient" universities - Aberdeen, Edinburgh, Glasgow and St Andrews - just under half (48%) of students were from Scotland. The offer rate - the proportion of applicants offered a place - for Scottish students from universities north of the border has fallen from 57% in 2010 to 50% in 2015. In contrast, the offer rate for international students from outside the EU in 2015 was 63%, with the rate for applicants from England, Wales and Northern Ireland ranging between 56% and 58%. Last year almost one in five Scots (19%) applying to university did not receive any offers from a Scottish university, up from 15% in 2010. Audit Scotland has now recommended the government and the SFC "undertake and publish research on trends in applications, offer rates and acceptances for Scottish university places to assess what impact the limits on funded places are having on access to the university system for Scottish and EU students". Caroline Gardner, Auditor General for Scotland, said: "Given the growing pressures on public finances, the Scottish government must be clear about its priorities for higher education and how it will target public funding to support those aims. "It also needs to work with the Scottish Funding Council and universities to plan for addressing the challenges ahead."