 As a breed we reporters are often accused of being ruthless and insensitive. But even the most hardened of hacks covering the Liam Fee murder trial couldn't fail to be appalled, saddened and bewildered by the dreadful stories of ill treatment dealt out to three young children by Nyomi and Rachel Fee.  From the moment the potential jurors were gathered at the start it was clear this was going to be tough.   As the long list of allegations against the Fees was read out, tears rolled down the face of one woman sitting near me. Probably to her relief, I imagine, she was not ultimately chosen to be on the final jury. Much of the evidence came from videotaped interviews from the two young boys whom Nyomi and Rachel fee abused.   Stories included being tied up in a cage, made to sleep in a room with snakes and rats, being forced to have cold showers if they wet the bed. But perhaps worst of all, one of the boys was blamed for Liam's death by the two women who were ultimately convicted of his murder.  In one interview one of the boys says he did "strangle" Liam. But it becomes clearer later that he doesn't really know what strangling means.  And the jury had already heard from a pathologist that the toddler actually died of a ruptured heart from a blow to the body, similar to injuries found in car crash victims.  The child also had a broken leg, arm and other injuries to his head and body.  At the start of the interviews - which were carried out by a social worker and police officer - the boys' body language is withdrawn, and the children often retreated into a kind of foetal position, protecting themselves from having to reveal or relive some of the ill treatment which was inflicted upon them.   But as time went on, their trust in their interviewers grew, and they became more relaxed, and the truth about how they'd been ill treated became more apparent.   And there were lighter moments, when they engaged in cheerier conversations about their new clothes, or characters in superhero movies. But the grim detail gradually seeped out.  After watching these interviews in court, I'd go home to my own son, who's almost exactly the same age as the boys giving evidence on these films. His cheery chat - unencumbered by any worldly worries - contrasted sharply with the dreadful tales his contemporaries had to tell in the days and weeks after Liam Fee's death. And it made me think how unlikely it would be for a young primary school-aged child to kill another, and question whether or not it would be physically possible for him to inflict the severe injuries Liam had.  Many people have said how difficult it must have been for my colleagues and me to cover the trial because of the terrible details we had to report on. Some indeed were not reportable. But we're one step removed from it, not like the ambulance man who found Liam's broken body; the 999 operator who talked Nyomi Fee through attempts at resuscitation when Liam was actually already dead, or the nursery worker concerned about the child's injuries. Inevitably the question why is raised. Why was Liam missed? Why didn't the authorities act?  A serious case review has begun in Fife to look into the way Liam was dealt with.  But it was Nyomi and Rachel Fee who killed him.  So perhaps more fundamental questions are why does an adult want to ill-treat a child, and why would a parent murder a child? And why would a grown-up want to accuse a young child of killing they knew he did not commit? These are questions that will probably never be answered by Nyomi and Rachel Fee, who denied the charges against them.  At the trial we heard from a woman who recently looked after that young boy whom the Fees wrongly accused of killing Liam.  She described him as an amazing young man: kind thoughtful and generous. She said how well he'd responded to normal activities, like going to the park and soft play. He is, she said, a credit and it's a pleasure to know him.  The description is a far cry from the violent sexual predator the Fees had claimed he was.  He and the other boy may have survived Nyomi and Rachel Fees' cruelty, unlike little Liam.   But they won't be unscarred, and the ill treatment they've endured will have to be addressed if they've got any chance of healing.   Let's hope that as a society we can offer them the help, love and understanding they'll need to try to have a normal life.