 Admit it, times have been hard for the UK recently. First, the result of the EU membership referendum left many - even among the winning side - in shock. The value of the pound plummeted and the prime minister announced his intention to quit. Then underdogs Iceland kicked England out of Euro 2016 in humiliating style.  So a German paper Zeit Online decided it needed to cheer the Brits up a bit and show they were still appreciated. The best way to do this it decided was to ask its readers to list things they like about the UK. And did they respond! The hashtag #WeLoveUKBecause quickly started trending in Germany. Thousands of people used it, confirming their affection for the island nation. Apparently, the German are true lovers of many things British, as they have demonstrated with their tweets. A variety of aspects of British life were mentioned, from culture to sport to food and weather. Of course, there was tea. "You can make cups of tea like no one else and it is the answer to every single problem!" one person tweeted.  "#WeLoveUKBecause of Doctor Who, breakfast, very friendly people everytime, black humor, lovely landscape and  - yes, the weather!" another user tweeted. Others said "your #pubculture is unique".  "Music, TV and film wouldn't be the same without all your talent and your dry, dark humour," one tweet said. And they weren't alone. Many expressed their fondness for Monty Python and Sherlock. And some Germans clearly have an abiding admiration for the late great Margaret Rutherford, the original big screen Miss Marple. And what could be more British than queuing.  That tweet wasn't the only mention of British food. "#WeLoveUKBecause whoever survives such breakfast habits and such weather apparently owns a adorably viable set of genes," one said. Many also pointed out the general friendliness of the nation. "Strangers call you "love" or "darling" and somehow that feels really nice," a user said.  And beautiful landscapes: "Some of the most stunning places I've ever seen. The Highlands, Edinburgh, Beachy Head, multiple beautiful towns& villages." It was all going so well. But there's always at least one. But all in all, if you are a British and you have had a bad week, don't feed sad! There are people out there who love you! Blog by Dmytro Zotsenko