 Chancellor George Osborne says he will not seek to replace Prime Minister David Cameron when he stands down later this year. Meanwhile, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has suggested Britain could hold another vote on the EU. He said a deal should be made allowing UK access to the single market and a compromise on free movement of workers. The public could then vote on the proposal via another referendum or a general election, said Mr Hunt, who BBC correspondent Chris Mason says is considering a bid for the party leadership. Nominations for the Conservative party leadership will open on Wednesday and close the following day, with a new prime minister and party leader in place by 2 September at the latest. Mr Cameron had said he would quit as prime minister and Conservative leader by October, after the UK voted by 52% to 48% to leave the EU. He had campaigned hard for a Remain victory. Mr Osborne said: "It isn't in my nature to do things by half-measure and I fought the referendum campaign with everything I've got. I believed in this cause and fought hard for it. "So it is clear that while I completely accept the result, I am not the person to provide the unity my party needs." The chancellor also said that Mr Cameron had "sensibly delayed" triggering Article 50 - the formal notification of an intention to leave the EU. "Only the UK can do this, and we should not be rushed. It should only happen when we have a clear view of what our new relationship with our European allies should be, and this will need time and cool heads to determine."  Mr Osborne went to to say that reports of racism towards immigrants since the Brexit vote on Thursday were "unacceptable and appalling". "We must be uncompromising in our response: this is not the British way. This is not who we are."  He added: "We must not invoke Article 50 straight away because that puts a time limit of two years on negotiations, after which we could be thrown out with no deal at all.  "So before setting the clock ticking we need to negotiate a deal and put it to the British people, either in a referendum or through the Conservative manifesto at a fresh general election." According to a YouGov poll for the Times, Home Secretary Theresa May is favoured by 31% of Conservative voters to become the next leader, against 24% for Mr Johnson. The party's 1922 committee will oversee the contest. Its executive has suggested the contest should follow the system used to elect David Cameron in 2005, which would see MPs pick two candidates to put to the wider membership.  MPs wanting to stand need to be nominated by two others to get onto the ballot paper. If there are three or more candidates, a ballot or series of ballots will be held of all the party's 331 MPs to whittle down the field to two. In each round, the candidate with the fewest votes will be eliminated. After that, a vote of the wider party - in which all Conservative members will have a say - will be held to choose the winner, with hustings taking place. The suggested timetable is for a leader to be in place by 2 September, with nominations opening on Wednesday 29 June and closing by noon on Thursday 30 June. However, this will have to be approved by the Conservative Party's board and the 1922 committee as a whole. If agreed, it means the party will have a new leader in time for its autumn conference, which starts on 2 October - the deadline David Cameron had set when he announced his intention to resign.