 Northern Ireland has voted to remain in the EU Referendum by a majority of 56% to 44%. However, the BBC is forecasting that the UK, as a whole, has voted to leave the EU. Following the result, Sammy Wilson, Democratic Unionist Party, called for the prime minister to resign saying he had lost all credibility. But Martin McGuinness, Sinn Féin, said the entire island of Ireland should now be able to vote on reunification. Overall, 440,707 people in Northern Ireland voted to Remain in the EU and 349,442 to Leave. Out of 18 constituencies, 11 voted to stay in the European Union. The turnout in Northern Ireland was 62.7% with 790,523 people voting in the referendum.  At one level nothing has changed. But in reality everything has changed.  Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK are, for now, still in the EU and its single market: companies still trade under the same system as they did on Thursday. But that arrangement will now have to end which could have far reaching economic consequences. A significant period of uncertainty has begun as the UK begins to work out new trading relationships with the EU and the rest of the world. Speaking after the result was announced, Edwin Poots, DUP, said he was "absolutely delighted".  "This is our opportunity to restore sovereignty to the United Kingdom once again. It is our opportunity to have a more democratic system of government where people who are making decisions on our behalf are held accountable," he said. Mr Poots said there would be "some-short term pain to take, in terms of the economy. "I believe that we will recover very quickly after the initial shock.  The farming community has been in the doldrums... I would expect this will help them. I would expect it will help our manufacturers and our exporters at this time." He said there was now £10bn that was going to the EU that can now be distributed throughout the UK. However, Declan Kearney, Sinn Féin, called it "a pyrrhic victory".  "The reality is that the people of the north of Ireland overwhelmingly voted in favour of Remain. Both republican and unionist, Catholic and Protestant and those of no faith background," he said. "We now have a situation where English votes are going to drag the will of the people of the north of Ireland to remain within the EU, out of the EU. That is a huge democratic deficit. "It demonstrates once more that the democratic deficit of partition now means that Brexit is the cost of partition". Mr Kearney said 200,000 jobs linked directly and indirectly to north/south trade would now be at risk. Foyle, West Tyrone, Belfast North, Belfast South, Belfast West, East Londonderry, Fermanagh and South Tyrone, Newry and Armagh, Mid-Ulster, North Down and South Down voted in favour of Remain.  Lagan Valley, North Antrim, East Antrim, South Antrim, Strangford, Belfast East and Upper Bann voted to Leave.  The ballot paper asked voters: "Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union or leave the European Union?"  There were 619 polling stations across Northern Ireland and more than 1.25m people were registered to vote. 