 The Scottish government is to start work towards a second independence referendum in the wake of the UK voting to leave the EU. Political reporter Philip Sim looks at the questions they will seek to answer before taking Scotland back to the polls. A second Scottish independence referendum is "on the table", Nicola Sturgeon has proclaimed. Her ministers have been set to work to draw up legislation to make that "option" a "deliverable" one.  Note, for a start, that the language is all still hypothetical. So is it really going to happen? Before we find out the answer to that question, a whole host of others need to be addressed. This is because Ms Sturgeon doesn't just want to hold a second indyref - she wants to win one. The next poll will be a zero-sum game; lose, and it really is over for a generation. The first minister won't fire the starting gun on the race until she's absolutely sure she can win. And amidst the shockwaves of the UK's vote to leave the EU, how sure can a politician be about anything at the moment? Here are a selection of the questions the first minister will be pondering before she starts down the road to indyref2. Perhaps the biggest hurdle first - can Scotland even hold a referendum which would bring about independence? Winning the approval of Holyrood would not be the issue. The SNP may have lost their majority in May, but the cohort of pro-indy Greens mean there would be no issue gathering the support of enough MSPs. The problem is, the power to call a referendum is reserved to Westminster. The 2014 plebiscite was only held with the blessing of David Cameron; would Prime Minister Johnson/Gove/May/etc sign off on another constitutional wrangle? So even if Holyrood agreed to hold a referendum, and it returned a Yes vote, it is entirely possible the Westminster government could just ignore it. If there is to be a second independence referendum, when could or should it be held? Ms Sturgeon had hoped to have more time on her hands to build the case for independence anew. She wanted time to draw up a plan to win over No voters; on that front, Brexit might create an opportunity, but it also presents challenges. At the earliest, she might have been hoping for a vote four or five years down the line. But now it seems she might be forced to go to the polls within two years. Once Westminster sets the wheels of leaving the EU in motion, the clock is ticking. Alex Salmond has suggested that Scotland would need to win its independence before the Brexit negotiations are complete, so that Scotland could effectively just stay put in the EU while the UK leaves. Beyond the practical issues of setting up a referendum, when would the best time for the vote be? There are council elections scheduled for 2017 already, and it's not inconceivable that there could end up being a UK general election ahead of schedule too. Scottish voters have spent a relatively large amount of time in polling stations of late - they've had five trips there in the span of just over two years. The fatigue not just of the electorate but of the party activists who go out knocking on doors to "get out the vote" has been cited as a possible reason for turnout shrinking from 85% in 2014 to 67% on Thursday. Holding yet another vote too soon could be a risk. Social media is already awash with anecdotes about avowed No voters casting off their unionist roots and pledging themselves for Yes. But as the frantic tangle of polls in advance of the EU referendum showed, gauging what the electorate really think on any issue is increasingly difficult. And in Scotland, the political picture is like an MC Escher painting. There are Remain vs Leave allegiances, reflected through the original indyref Yes vs No prism, and all of that on top of party loyalties. There are endless layers of nuance; for example, what of SNP members who voted Leave out of concern for trade deals like TTIP? Would they now abandon their Eurosceptic leanings for the overarching goal of independence? The same could be said for all Leave voters - there were a million of them, after all, and they need to be considered (and indeed represented) too. A million votes is not to be sniffed at, and could lock off a significant proportion of the electorate if the contest is characterised as one about EU membership. And, again on turnout, what about the voters who didn't turn up to vote at all on Thursday? When it came down to it, only 43,000 more people voted Remain than voted Yes in 2014. As observed above, voter engagement appears to be shrinking; would the people come back the ballot box for indyref2? Ms Sturgeon has a puzzle to solve over currency; it was an issue in 2014, and it's another of those problems she'd hoped to have more time to mull over. Would the EU let Scotland "join" (or Remain) without taking the Euro, or would the UK allow independent Scotland to keep the pound? Furthermore, what of borders? This was a simpler matter in 2014, but Brexit Britain seems very unlikely to want an open land border to an EU member state. Would Scots vote to leave the UK if it meant embracing the Euro and putting up passport checkpoints at Gretna? And more fundamentally, would an independent Scotland even be allowed to stay in the EU? It's been suggested that some current members might not like the idea - for example Spain, which would be loathe to see Catalonia follow a similar path. This is unprecedented territory, so it's hard to know what would be allowed, or who might have a veto - hence Ms Sturgeon's talks with EU leaders. Despite the impression that Scotland and England are becoming two rather different places, what happens at Westminster is still going to have an enormous impact on Ms Sturgeon's decision-making. First and foremost, who is the new Prime Minister going to be? In some ways, this could prove a boost for Yes campaigners; they would spy wonderful potential for rhetoric in a Boris Johnson premiership, for example. But if the Conservative Party tears itself apart over Europe (a not unprecedented prospect) then it's possible it could trigger a fresh general election. Even just a handful of defections could rob the Tories of their majority, hard as it is to think where Europhile Tories could actually defect to. There could even be a scenario which could see Labour trying to coax the SNP into a coalition government. It seems fanciful, yes, but we appear to live in rather unusual times. What then for one of the core messages of the previous independence drive, of the "Tory government Scotland didn't vote for"? Beyond these shores, what does Brexit mean for the European Union? The UK is far from the only country unhappy with the role of Brussels. Indeed, it's been suggested that the EU's leaders could be harsh in their negotiations with Britain primarily to discourage other states from eyeing exits of their own. Before you even consider the economic impact, other European leaders will surely be eyeing up special concessions in the vein of David Cameron's (failed) deal.  Who can say for sure what the EU will look like in a few years' time? In effect, can Ms Sturgeon even be sure what Scotland would be leaving the UK to remain part of?