 The FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state has concluded with a recommendation that she not face criminal charges. But how bad is it, exactly? Here are some reasons why it could be a grievous wound - or nothing but a scratch. Mrs Clinton said she hadn't sent classified information. The FBI found more than 100 of her 30,000 emails (0.3%) contained details that were classified "at the time" they were transmitted and "a very small number" had markings "indicating the presence of classified information". She also said she had turned over all her work-related messages, but in fact her lawyers relied on keyword searches to sort through the email files and consequently missed several thousand relevant documents. Major media fact-checkers were quick to survey the scope of the damage.  It's a lead weight holding her overall approval ratings down when she needs to be generating enthusiasm and energy for her general election campaign. The former secretary of state, they counter, is tested and competent - a steady hand on the wheel in troubled times. But are steady hands labelled "extremely careless" with classified information by the FBI? Do they leave their personal communications open to possible "hostile actors", including sending emails on an unclassified system while "in the territory of sophisticated adversaries"? On Tuesday afternoon the Trump campaign sent a press release leading with the charge that Mr Clinton "compromised the safety of the American people". "Our adversaries almost certainly have a blackmail file on Hillary Clinton," he wrote, "and that fact alone disqualifies her from service". While there's no tangible support for that particular piece of Trump bluster, if the public doesn't buy Mrs Clinton's argument that she's the "safe" choice, much of the advantage she has on her sometimes intemperate opponent will disappear. More from the BBC Full election coverage Brexit lessons for Hillary Clinton Why aren't we more excited about Clinton? While average Americans are left to their fate, big bankers get bailouts, big businesses get handouts, and the elite are insulated from the consequences of their actions. For those with this outlook, the failure to indict Hillary Clinton - or even hold her accountable in a non-criminal manner - is yet another example of the benefits that come along with high positions of power. While Comey insisted that there was little precedent for a prosecution given that Mrs Clinton did not intentionally mishandle classified information or do so in a "grossly negligent" way, such explanations may not fly with the swath of voters currently alienated from the political process.  Although Mr Gore never stood accused of a crime, Republican George W Bush used his legalistic word-play to paint him as above the law again and again when the two squared off for the presidency in 2000. Mr Gore was the Democratic heir apparent running to succeed a still-popular two-term president. He lost. The charge that the former secretary of state was "extremely careless" would not have nearly the same impact if it came from a Republican politician. In fact, many conservatives have tried tagging Mr Clinton with much, much worse. Instead the man delivering the very public rebuke is a career law enforcement official with a sterling reputation for rectitude and probity. Most Americans may not have known who James Comey was before Tuesday, but chances are they're going to be seeing a lot of his face as the general election campaign heats up. Democrats would clamour for another candidate - possibly Mr Sanders or even Vice-President Joe Biden - to be nominated at their convention in three weeks.  Instead the fallout from the FBI investigation will be political, not criminal. Political damage control is something the Clintons know how to do. It's something they've been doing in the national spotlight for more than 25 years. Shortly after Comey delivered his stern rebuke, the Clinton campaign was already trying to turn the page. "We are pleased that the career officials handling this case have determined that no further action by the department is appropriate," spokesman Brian Fallon said.  With indictment off the table, one of the possible "wild cards" that could have thrown the race into chaos has been removed from the deck.  While the former secretary of state's reputation has been further damaged, the electoral advantages she - and the Democrats - have heading in to the general election are still intact. Such paranoid fantasies were dusted off once again on Tuesday evening as Mr Trump made remarks during an off-the-cuff speech that put him squarely back in the spotlight. While he started by re-enforcing the themes he had laid out in his press releases earlier in the day - that Mrs Clinton's email actions showed a dangerous lack of regard for US security - he soon lost focus. He accused Attorney General Loretta Lynch of accepting a bribe in exchange for refusing to charge Mrs Clinton - an explosive accusation for a party standard-bearer to make, particularly given that Comey said he had not consulted with Lynch prior to issuing his report. Then he offered praise for former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein, who he said was a "bad man" - but one who was effective at killing terrorists. While it was a line that Mr Trump had used in the past, it came when the media and fellow Republicans believed he should have been hammering Mrs Clinton on emails and nothing but emails. Instead, the Clinton camp was able to fire off a release condemning Mr Trump's Hussein comments. Republican leaders like House Speaker Paul Ryan were forced to defend - or renounce - their presumptive nominee's remarks.  What should have been a poisonous news cycle for Mrs Clinton became a little less so thanks to Mr Trump. A free-ranging independent investigation could pose a significant risk to the Clinton campaign, heralding a new string of testimonies and subpoenas that would keep the matter in the news and leave open the possibility of perjury or obstruction of justice. Instead, it seems, the House of Representatives will hold hearings looking into the decision not to indict, giving Republicans plenty of opportunity to grandstand - or come across as showboats. There could be a move to formally censure Mrs Clinton - although Congress has few working days to act before its members head to the conventions and hit the campaign trail in earnest. House Speaker Ryan has also suggested cutting off Mrs Clinton's access to the security briefings given to presidential candidates. Such a development would be embarrassing, but it's unclear how Congress could force the executive-branch national security agencies that deliver the briefings to take such a step. Voters won't weigh in on Mrs Clinton for another four months, giving the campaign plenty of time to recover.  In just over three weeks Mrs Clinton will take the stage in Philadelphia to accept her party's nomination, culminating days of positive press as major party stars - from President Barack Obama to Vice-President Joe Biden to Senator Elizabeth Warren to Bill Clinton - sing her praises.  On Tuesday night, just hours after the FBI announcement, Mr Obama was on stage with Mrs Clinton, showing just how enthusiastic he's going to be on the campaign trail for her. Even by next week political wags and pundits will be back to speculating about vice-presidential picks and the possible craziness in store at the Trump-led Republican convention. Mrs Clinton's email imbroglio will cast its shadow on the campaign, but barring any new, explosive revelations - it's likely a wound that time can heal.