 Hundreds of people have gathered for a second night of protests at the spot where a black man was pinned to the ground and shot dead by police. Mourners, friends and relatives of Alton Sterling met outside the shop in Baton Rouge where he was killed early on Tuesday morning. Some demonstrators chanted "Black lives matter" and called for justice. A second video emerged on Wednesday that showed the altercation between the 37-year-old and two police officers. It appears to show Mr Sterling being held down and then shot several times, although some shots are heard when the camera moves away from the confrontation. Seconds later, one of the officers is seen removing an object from the man's trousers as he lies on the ground with blood on his chest.  Police have said Mr Sterling was found to be armed. Officers were initially called because of a 911 report of a man brandishing a gun. The cry is for "justice". But most of those here say it's not something they expect. They distrust the police, they say they fear all authority and they've gathered at this street corner where Alton Sterling was killed to stand together and say "no more".  They've prayed, they've sung, they've cried and they've danced. An artist has spray painted Mr Sterling's face on the side of the convenience store. Others lit candles and released balloons. It has been peaceful but there is real anger here and at times almost despair.  It's not just about the death of one man. There are some who feel that the fight for equality might be one that they will never win.  Mr Sterling, a father of five, died at the scene and hours later a video filmed by a bystander and showing his death was released. Officers Blane Salamoni and Howie Lake II were put on administrative leave. The US Department of Justice has launched a civil rights investigation and Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards has appealed for calm. About 200 people protested on Tuesday night and on Wednesday there was unrest in Philadelphia where about 75 people blocked a busy road as they protested about the killing of Mr Sterling. His death follows a long line of high-profile incidents involving African Americans at the hands of the police, igniting a national debate about the lethal use of force.