 Nicola Sturgeon is to ask the Scottish Parliament to formally back her efforts to protect Scotland's place in the EU. In an emergency debate at Holyrood she will call on MSPs to support talks with officials from the UK, EU and other member states.  Labour, the Liberal Democrats and Scottish Greens have already said they will fully back Ms Sturgeon's motion.  But it is understood the Scottish Conservatives will attempt to amend it.  There will be full live coverage of the debate on our Holyrood Live page from about 14:00. Speaking ahead of the debate, Tory leader Ruth Davidson cautioned the SNP against using any negotiations to further their aim of independence. But she said it was "encouraging" that Ms Sturgeon had already held discussions with the UK government and London Mayor. Ms Sturgeon has said it would be "democratically unacceptable" for Scotland to face the prospect of being taken out of the European Union against the wishes of its people.  And she has said a second referendum on Scottish independence is now "highly likely".  Scotland voted by 62% to 38% in favour of remaining in the EU in last week's referendum, but the UK as a whole voted to leave.  The first minister described Tuesday afternoon's debate on the result as being one of the most important in the history of the Scottish Parliament. She added: "I am determined to explore every avenue to retain Scotland's EU status and today's parliamentary debate is a vital part of that process. "I am specifically asking parliament to strengthen my hand by giving me a mandate to pursue discussions about protecting Scotland's place in the EU with the UK government, other devolved administrations, EU institutions and member states. "It is now crucial that our national parliament speaks with as strong and united a voice as possible on this issue."  Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale said: "Labour will support this motion and we back the first minister's efforts to protect Scotland's relationship with the European Union. "The decision to leave the EU will cause untold damage to Scotland's economy and standing in the world. "Every possible avenue must be explored to not just mitigate the impact of Brexit, but to strengthen our ties with our European neighbours. The protection of jobs and workers' rights must be the priority." Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie said: "On Friday I committed my party to supporting Nicola Sturgeon's special EU negotiation process as there is a strong need for cross-party support, therefore we will support the motion tomorrow." Scottish Conservative leader Ms Davidson said the coming negotiations between the UK and the EU would be "vital for Scottish jobs and must reflect the needs of all of us". She added that the aim must be to protect and maximise trade within the European Union area and ensure continued access to the single market. This would mean the UK government and devolved administrations working together to get the best settlement, she added. Ms Davidson said: "It is encouraging that the first minister has already held discussions with the UK government and London Mayor to further this approach. "However, we would caution the SNP against using these negotiations to further their aim of independence. "Whatever people's views about last week's decision, the truth is that we do not solve our departure from the European Union by walking out of our own Union of nations as well."