 The Iraqi army says it has seized the last strongholds of the Islamic State (IS) group in the city of Falluja. The head of counterterrorism forces in the operation, Lt Gen Abdul-Wahad al-Saadi, said his troops had entered the north-western Golan neighbourhood, the last area still under IS control. He said the city, 50km (30 miles) west of Baghdad, was "fully liberated". IS seized control of Falluja in January 2014. The government launched an operation to retake it in May. Falluja: Embattled city of mosques IS may be down but it is not out Islamic State group: The full story Earlier this month, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi hailed the "liberation" of the city after troops raised the Iraqi flag over the city council building. At least 1,800 militants were killed in the operation, Lt Gen al-Saadi said. If the Iraqi army is right, and the capture of the Golan neighbourhood marks the end of the battle for Falluja, then this is a significant moment. The IS militants have lost a city of much symbolic and strategic importance just an hour's drive from Baghdad.  But this victory came at a high cost for Falluja's people. They have faced extraordinary danger and hardship during the fight for the city. And securing a military triumph was only part of the challenge that the government faced in Falluja. If there is to be long-term calm and stability there, the city's Sunni Muslims will need to be made to feel that the predominantly Shia authorities in Baghdad are listening to them, and taking into account their security, economic and other concerns. Tens of thousands of people fled the fighting and some - including elderly people, women and children - remain camped out in the open in the summer heat, the Norwegian Refugee Council said. Falluja, a major city in the western Anbar Province, was the first Iraqi city to fall to IS.  The jihadist group also managed to seize large swathes of territory in northern and western Iraq and eastern Syria in 2014, establishing a self-declared "Islamic Caliphate" in the territories it captured. In recent weeks, the militants have lost control over several territories in both countries.