 Ever since violence broke out in Marseille on Saturday, the spotlight has increasingly been trained on the Russian fans involved in clashes before and at the end of Russia's 1-1 draw with England. Uefa and French prosecutors have given their verdicts, as have journalists across Europe and in Russia itself. But an eye-opening version of events has emerged from Russians caught up in the riots. "There were eight of us, moving around central Marseille near the Old Port in two cars, bathing in the atmosphere of good old street violence," writes one Russian, named Molodoi, in his online account of the day's "action". He goes on to describe, with almost military precision, a brawl with a much larger group of English fans, culminating in a hasty exit by the Russians. "When they realised there were only a few of us, they got cheeky and swarmed us. Pure British style. But that is their right - our low numbers are our own problem," he explains.  Groups posted videos on Russia's social media, with some fans carefully positioned to film the fighting. The larger Russian hooligan "firms" have websites of their own.  Ultras, football fans known for extremely zealous support, also use the sites for post-action analysis, boasting about any official or media criticism of their behaviour.   While the level of organisation is a reminder of the English firms of the 1970s and 80s, the Russian ultras make no special effort to emulate them.  Despite criticism from Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko, some public figures in Russia have condoned and even encouraged the violence. Meanwhile, radio journalist and former RFU spokesman Andrei Malosolov wrote a lengthy blog post on the "Russian fans' victory at Marseille port", praising the ultras' fitness levels and "stylish" look, as well as their ability to fight.   "Are the Russians not worthy of respect for their fearlessness?" he said, adding that "at the very least, they gave a kicking to citizens of a country that is, both historically and geopolitically, Russia's greatest enemy".