 The number of people killed in Sunday's suicide bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, has risen to 165, interior ministry officials say. The government has declared three days of mourning after the huge blast, which also injured 225 people. A lorry packed with explosives was detonated in the Karrada district while families were shopping for the holiday marking the end of Ramadan. Rescuers said whole families had been killed. Many people were badly burned. So-called Islamic State (IS) has said it carried out the suicide attack.  Why IS bombs in Ramadan Stories of Baghdad victims emerge Baghdad truck bomb - in pictures Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi was greeted by angry crowds when he visited the mainly Shia Muslim area in the hours after the bombing.  The fake bomb detectors, some based on cheap devices for finding golf balls, were sold in large numbers to Iraq by fraudsters. The UK banned their export to Iraq in 2010 and several other fraudsters received prison sentences. Despite warnings that the devices were useless, the Iraqi security forces continued to use them. Men continued to dig through rubble at the Karrada site on Monday, searching for the remains of those still missing. Black banners were hung from nearby buildings bearing the names of victims and detailing their funerals. Reports said a refrigerator van had been packed with explosives and left near the popular Hadi Center. Footage from the minutes just after the blast showed the whole area engulfed in flames. "We need a number of days to be able to recover the bodies of victims. It is a difficult task," a member of the civil defence forces quoted by AFP news agency said. "The lists of victims I saw included whole families - the father and his sons, the mother and her daughters - whole families were wiped out by this explosion." A second bomb exploded shortly afterwards in another predominantly Shia area north of the capital, killing another five people. The self-styled IS, which follows its own extreme version of Sunni Islam, said in an online statement that the attack in Karrada was carried out by an Iraqi as part of "ongoing security operations".  The US said on Sunday that the attack strengthened its resolve to support Iraqi forces in their fight against IS. UN Iraq envoy Jan Kubis said IS militants who had "suffered defeats at the battlefront are seeking to avenge their losses by targeting vulnerable civilians".