 The Sun newspaper - which has a reputation for backing winners in elections - has come out in support of Brexit. But do newspapers really have any influence over how people will vote - and if not, what could sway voters' final choice in the EU referendum? "It's The Sun Wot Won It" bragged the now-notorious headline. The year was 1992, and John Major had won a narrow - and unexpected - victory in the general election for the Conservatives. But with fewer people buying a daily print newspaper, does an endorsement from the Sun, or any other title, really woo voters? Follow the latest on the EU campaign The UK's EU vote: All you need to know EU quiz: Strange claims, counter-claims (and a weird omen)  Tom Felle, a lecturer in journalism at City University, believes the Sun may historically have been good at reading the mood of the country and backing a winner - but he questions whether it ever had the power to sway opinion. "'It's The Sun Wot Won It' is a great headline, but I'm not sure the Sun's influence is as big as it would like to think," he says. "In the case of the EU referendum, I think a lot of its readers are probably already decided." Appearing before the Leveson Inquiry, Rupert Murdoch - whose News UK company publishes the Sun and the Times - himself admitted the "Wot Won It" headline was "tasteless and wrong", adding: "We just don't have that kind of power." When asked what sway the paper had over the upcoming referendum, the Sun's associate editor Trevor Kavanagh told the BBC Mr Murdoch's view was "correct". He added: "We can only say what we believe. A lot of readers do believe what we say." In fact, it's as likely that the Sun echoes its readers as influences them, professor of politics at the University of Strathclyde John Curtice says - pointing out that the paper recently did a poll of its own readers.  "It did that in 1997, it did it again in 2010," he says. "In a declining industry, where it's trying to hang on to readers, it cannot afford to back something at odds with what readers think." "The Times has not declared yet," is all the paper will say on the record. "On the other hand," Mr Felle adds, "I think it's fair to say the media sets the agenda, so what the newspapers are talking about is what people are talking about in the pubs." EU vote: What the European papers say On one point, Tom Felle says, evidence is clear: "Television remains absolutely number one for influence." The live debates were deemed the most powerful of all TV coverage, with 38% of the 3,019 people surveyed saying they were swayed by what they saw. TV political debates: Lessons from history By comparison, 25% said they were influenced by newspapers, 17% said websites, 14% said radio, and 14% cited speaking to friends and family. Perhaps surprisingly, least influential were social media and magazines, with Facebook at 7%, followed by Twitter at 4% and magazines at 2%, according to the poll. Despite that, there is little doubt campaign strategists consider social media to be crucial.  The appeal for political parties is clear - they can directly target voters from particular demographics with personalised campaign messages. On the other hand, any potential to influence the electorate may well be offset by the "echo chamber" effect of social media sites such as Facebook, where users' own curation of friends and pages, as well as the sites' algorithms, make it more likely that people simply see more of what they already like and believe. Professor Matt Goodwin, a senior visiting fellow at Chatham House, says social media is "often hailed as being more influential than it is". "It's not the reason people change their minds. It's not a mobilisation of the undecided." If you are still trying to decide which box to tick on 23 June, chances are the topic has come up around the dinner table. In the past, Labour, Conservative and Liberal loyalties were passed down through a family's generations. Prof Goodwin agrees that families can still play a big role in bringing people into political tribes and passing down values. But Europe is an issue that cuts across traditional party lines - and evidence suggests a clear generational divide, he says. "Older people are tending to line up behind Brexit, younger people are tending to line up behind Remain. I expect on that basis there are quite a few divided families." Survival guide for families split on EU vote In or Out? The view from one family It shocked the No camp to "pull out all the stops", and lost his side the referendum, Mr Salmond said.  But does a sudden swing in the polls really push voters one way or another? "Indirectly it could have an impact, in the sense that if you are a Leave campaigner you are going to redouble efforts," Prof Curtice says. "On the other side of the coin, if the polls tell people its close, they are perhaps more likely to turn out and vote." As to whether people are more likely to want to back a winner or root for the underdog based on what the polls says, research is inconclusive, Prof Curtice says. Prof Goodwin agrees that polls are less pivotal than most politicians and journalists might like to think: "Most people don't notice polls at all. Most voters don't read a newspaper every day or talk about politics every day." And while high profile politicians or party allegiance may have nudged people either way, he adds: "I'm not entirely convinced that the campaigns have had much influence." And of course, three of the UK's four nations have football teams currently competing in Euro 2016. Could that play a role? "You want to control the news agenda as much as you can," Mr Whelan says. "If you have no idea what's going to happen on any given day, the agenda is set by 22 guys kicking round a football." "If England, Wales or Northern Ireland have won their group, then it will make people feel good about being part of Europe," argues Mark Perryman, founder of the company Football Philosophy. "If they come home early, people will ask, 'Do we really want to be part of this continent?'" How football can influence voters Do fair weather voters really exist? But Prof Goodwin dismisses all such theories as ridiculous. "Ultimately, most people already have an idea as to how they are going to vote, and that's based on deeply held values and beliefs." First and foremost in people's minds are two key issues, he says - the economy and immigration. "What the campaigns are competing to do is mobilise those issues." With nine days left to go, both camps will be working hard to win the argument until the last ballot is cast.