 The press take stock of the opening round of the Conservative leadership battle, in which Theresa May emerged as a clear frontrunner. Mrs May polled 165 of Tory MPs' votes compared with 66 for Andrea Leadsom and 48 for Michael Gove. Stephen Crabb and Liam Fox are out of the running. "Liam Fox, who was eliminated from the contest, and Stephen Crabb, who withdrew due to lack of support, also gave her their backing." "Tory politicians said the result placed the party on track for an all-women shortlist, after Leadsom was 18 votes ahead of Gove," says the Guardian. "She has attracted support from many Brexiters who want to see someone who campaigned to leave the EU in charge of the country." "Theresa May swept to a convincing victory in the first round of voting in the battle for Downing Street as more than half of Tory MPs backed her to succeed David Cameron," it says. "She received a further boost last night when two of her rivals endorsed her after the vote." The Mail continues: "The intrigue at Westminster now centres on whether Mrs Leadsom or Michael Gove will grab second place behind Mrs May in Thursday's decisive ballot of MPs. "Tory grandees fear Mrs Leadsom is too inexperienced to be PM but could prove a dangerous candidate if she finishes in the top two." "This is a contest the nation needs in order to air vital arguments about the future relationship with the European Union," it comments. "It is a contest that should be between Theresa May and Michael Gove. They are the strongest campaigners, the most experienced ministers and the best representatives of mainstream views within the party." "It is obvious how that underlies the crisis in Labour," says the Guardian. "But it is no less significant for the Tory party - and arguably more so, since for the first time in history the membership will be voting for a prime minister for the whole country." The paper warns that the new leader faces much more than EU negotiations - in areas such as education and health - in the "strange, unfamiliar landscape of the post-Brexit world". "Graham Brady, the chairman of the 1922 Committee and part-time Prince Andrew lookalike, walked into committee room six at 6.31pm and walked out again at 6.32 having rattled through the results of the ballot. "Liam: you are the weakest link, goodbye. After Brexit, Foxit." News that the Juno space probe has successfully entered obit around Jupiter after a five-year journey from Earth is greeted by the papers. "Then came the signal they had awaited, and the news they had worked 10 years to achieve - a simple radio tone from Juno, sent 540 million miles through space, as if to say: 'I'm here'. " "While it may not sound as daunting as landing on a comet, or putting men on the Moon, the Juno mission has gone to a region that many believed impossible to reach," it says. "Described as the 'biggest, baddest planet in the solar system' Jupiter's orbit is a maelstrom of high radiation streaked with particles that hurtle past at the speed of light. "It also has a ring of dust and rock similar to its neighbour, Saturn, which poses a further threat to the probe. "To attempt to put a spacecraft into orbit seemed like a futile mission - even Nasa did not know if its titanium casing could withstand the battering of entry. "But yesterday morning, Juno confirmed that it was safely inside." The papers offer plenty of advice on how to be Welsh - if you are not already, of course - ahead of the country's historic Euro 2016 semi-final against Portugal. "Wouldn't it be great, right now, to be Welsh?" he writes. "They voted for Brexit, for sure, but the rest of Europe somehow isn't angry with them. "They aren't drifting away, like Scotland, or mad with angst, like Northern Ireland, or generally falling apart, like England. Best of all, they're in the semi-final of Euro 2016, despite there being hardly any of them." He writes: "The Wales manager, Chris Coleman, feted for turning a squad of largely unheralded players into an industrious, spirited, joyous team, hails from Mayhill, a working class area of pebble-dashed terraces and houses set high above the city with views across to the Port Talbot steelworks one way and the rather lovelier Gower peninsula the other." "If they go back far enough, many English people have ancestors from the other side of Offa's Dyke. Many Welsh people have English forebears or were born in England. Even David Lloyd George was born in Manchester", it states. "When the Welsh football team walks onto the pitch at the Stade des Lumieres to face Portugal in Lyon tonight they will have the good wishes of the entire United Kingdom behind them. Dewch ymlaen Cymru."