 Reaction to the UK's decision to leave the European Union and the leaderships of the Conservative and Labour parties occupy the Sunday papers. The Sunday Times says Michael Gove has given his backing to Boris Johnson to become leader - but there was also support for Home Secretary Theresa May. Nicky Morgan, Stephen Crabb, Liam Fox and George Freeman also signalled their intentions to run and Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt could join them, the Sunday Times adds. The paper continues: "In a bid to stop a 'coronation', Nicky Morgan launched a coded attack on the tone of Johnson's Brexit campaign. "Writing in The Sunday Times, the education secretary warned Conservatives not to adopt a hardline stance on immigration like the Brexiteers, warning it would condemn the party to the political 'wilderness' if they retreated to an 'ideological comfort zone' in a bid to 'appease the noisy fringes'. The Sunday Telegraph says Mr Johnson is expected to declare himself as a candidate for the leadership this week and "emphasise his values as a liberal Tory and his electoral success in two mayoral campaigns and the EU referendum". "He is likely to say that there needs to be a period of 'calm' and 'stability for the country' after the historic vote to leave the European Union and to warn against the risk of 'talking down' the economy," says the Telegraph. "Theresa May, the Home Secretary, has emerged as the favoured 'stop Boris candidate' amid claims Mr Cameron's allies are offering their support." The Observer says it emerged that Mr Johnson will throw his hat into the ring early this week to succeed Mr Cameron. Leading Remain campaigners Theresa May and George Osborne may stand as "Stop Boris" candidates, it adds. The Mail on Sunday names Jeremy Hunt, Nicky Morgan, Stephen Crabb and Andrea Leadsom, and possibly George Osborne, as the figures to challenge Mr Johnson - who is pictured playing cricket on its front page. The Telegraph talks of a Tory civil war over the referendum, while the Observer forecasts months of internal party strife. On the Labour side, the Sunday Times says there could be shadow cabinet resignations unless leader Jeremy Corbyn quits as Labour leader this week. Mr Corbyn is facing a vote of no confidence over his performance in the referendum campaign. Hilary Benn, reports the Sunday Times, was consulting colleagues about urging Mr Corbyn to stand down and asking whether they would resign if he did not. It emerged after the papers went to press that Mr Benn has been sacked as shadow foreign secretary. The Observer reports: "An overwhelming majority of the shadow cabinet now believes Corbyn should quit in the wake of millions of Labour voters ignoring their leader's advice to vote in favour of Britain's continued membership of the EU. "The development comes as leaked internal Labour Party polling of people who voted for Labour in 2015 reveals that nearly a third (29%) would support a different party if a general election was held today." Tim Stanley in the Telegraph reports: "Labour's moderates want rid of Jeremy Corbyn. No change there, they've felt that way ever since he won the party's leadership last year. "But now they have a charge that they think they can make stick: losing the EU referendum." Unsurprisingly, there is no lack of comment and reflection on the referendum in the Sunday papers. Tim Shipman and James Lyons in the Sunday Times write: "Boris Johnson was perched on a sofa in the basement of his home in Islington, north London, with no socks on, when he began to realise that he might be the next prime minister. "Johnson had no idea his fellow Old Etonian and sparring partner for two decades was about to quit. "Those present say Johnson was 'pretty emotional' at what had transpired in the hours before when his band of Brexiteer underdogs had secured the most dramatic referendum victory in British history." In an editorial, the paper insists the future is bright despite adversities the UK may face as it gradually comes to an understanding with Europe. "This is a time for hope, too, for the energies released by Brexit to be diverted to adapting to our new situation. Britain is a nation of ideas and enterprise," it says. "Under new, optimistic leadership we can prosper in association with our friends in Europe and our friends in the world." Jeremy Paxman in the Telegraph dubs it the worst mistake a prime minister has made since Suez. "So, farewell then, David Cameron. No prime minister has made a bigger miscalculation since Anthony Eden thought he could get away with invading Egypt in 1956 to recapture the Suez Canal," he writes. "Going for a referendum on the country's geopolitical state as if it was a council regulation on dog-fouling was a very big mistake." The Telegraph makes a plea for Britons to pull together. "Thursday's referendum was a revolution - and we welcome it," it says. "The Britons who voted to remain inside a free trade zone in 1975 formed a sizeable proportion of the people who voted to leave an outsized political project in 2016. "It was a rational decision and a courageous one. It need not prove tumultuous. Calm and unity should follow." The Observer is not so optimistic, saying that the campaign held up a mirror to the face of modern Britain - and the glass cracked. It comments: "Anyone who has witnessed the aftermath of a super typhoon in countries such as the Philippines or seen the devastation caused by the hurricanes that occasionally ravage the Caribbean and southern US would readily recognise the dramatically altered political, economic and social landscape of the United Kingdom following last week's thunderous vote to leave the European Union. "The damage caused by this constitutional mega-storm is ubiquitous, unquantifiable and, in some key instances, irreparable. "The political establishment, including the leaders of the two main parties, David Cameron and Jeremy Corbyn, and the Brussels hierarchy, was squashed flat. "The hitherto dominant influence of the City, big business, financial institutions, the US government, international watchdogs such as the IMF and myriad economic experts was contemptuously blown aside." The Sun on Sunday says the vote was "decisive and clear, while the Mail says the British people had "spoken clearly". Another European result makes it onto the news pages - the win by Wales over Northern Ireland at football's Euro 2016. The Sunday Times pictures Welsh talisman Gareth Bale joyfully celebrating on the pitch with his three-year-old daughter Alba after the final whistle. As the paper recounts: "Wales secured a quarter-final clash against Belgium or Hungary at Euro 2016 with a tense 1-0 victory over Northern Ireland yesterday in Paris. "An own goal by the Northern Ireland defender Gareth McAuley as he tried to clear a cross from the Welsh winger Gareth Bale settled the match. "At the final whistle there were jubilant scenes among the 25,000 Wales fans at the Parc des Princes and at a packed fanzone in Cardiff."