 Politicians from four of Scotland's biggest political parties are to join forces to call for a Remain vote in the EU referendum. In an unusual display of unity, the SNP, Conservatives, Labour and Liberal Democrats will share a platform at a pro-EU rally in Edinburgh.  But Labour's Gisela Stuart will tell a Leave rally that Scotland's future outside the EU would be bright.  It comes exactly a week before next Thursday's referendum.  They have also suggested that EU membership continues to be more popular in Scotland than elsewhere in the UK, although there may have been some movement towards Leave. The Edinburgh event backing a Remain vote will be hosted by the European Movement in Scotland, and will feature speakers including former Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg, Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale, SNP MP Stephen Gethins and Scottish Conservative MSP Jackson Carlaw. Speaking ahead of the rally, former deputy prime minister Mr Clegg said the referendum was "too important to be reduced to a squabble between a handful of Conservatives who went to school together". He said Scotland had an opportunity to lead the EU debate in the final week of the referendum campaign, and stressed that a Remain vote in Edinburgh or Glasgow was worth exactly the same to the final result as a vote in Hampshire or his own constituency of Sheffield.  Mr Clegg said: "This is shaping up to be a knife-edge result and Scotland can make the difference. "I urge every Scot who wants us to lead in the EU to make the case for Europe over the next seven days and get out and vote next week." Since we went into purdah on 27 May - the point at which government could no longer have access to the civil service machine and both sides have had to rely on their own campaigning resources - the internet polls have on average put Leave on 52% and Remain at 48%.  The phone polls over the same period say Remain 51% and Leave 49%.  But it should be said that the later we have got in this period, the more it seems to have got better for Leave and worse for Remain.  I think the crucial thing now over this weekend is have we just reached a point and this movement towards Leave is going to stop, or is it something that's going to continue further? If it continues further then Remain will certainly be in serious trouble. If it stops, maybe they will claw things back. Read more from John Meanwhile, Labour MP and Vote Leave chairwoman Ms Stuart was preparing to speak at a pro-Brexit rally in Glasgow, where she will argue that leaving the EU would see a raft of new powers over areas such as fishing and farming handed over to the Scottish Parliament from Brussels.  And she will say that both Holyrood and Westminster would be free to set policies without interference from the European Union, pointing to the proposals for minimum pricing for alcohol which she said had been "effectively vetoed" by Brussels. Ms Stuart said: "Scotland has a bright future outside the European Union. A Scottish Parliament with more powers, a Scottish budget with more funding, all within a UK which has control over our borders. "If we left the European Union powers over fishing, agriculture and important social and environmental powers would automatically be devolved to the Scottish Parliament. The Scotland Act states that any power that is not listed as reserved automatically becomes the remit of the Scottish Parliament. "This has already happened with newspaper regulation after the Leveson inquiry which became the responsibility of Holyrood, and not Westminster." Scotland's deputy first minister, John Swinney, said promises of more devolution to the Scottish Parliament in return for a Leave vote were a "Tory con-trick". Mr Swinney, who backs a Remain vote, said: "Leaving the EU does not mean extra powers would be transferred to the Scottish Parliament - the powers would go straight back from Brussels to Westminster, who would have absolutely no obligation to devolve anything. "The only people who would be empowered by a Leave vote would be the extreme wing of the Tory party - people who most certainly do not have Scotland's best interests at heart and people who are determined to rip up the various workers' rights and employment protections guaranteed by the EU." Responding to Mr Swinney, Tom Harris, director of Scottish Vote Leave, said constitutional experts had agreed that the Scottish Parliament would gain "vast new powers" after Brexit. He added: "Perhaps the SNP should reflect on why they are asking voters to continue being governed by an unelected elite in Brussels, rather than their own Scottish government. "The SNP should spend less time teaming up with David Cameron to scare Scottish voters, and more time working out what they plan to do with the new powers they will receive when we Leave the European Union."