 Two stories dominate the front pages - the Conservative Party leadership race and Chris Evans's Top Gear departure. As the paper puts it: "The former mayor of London has become the energy minister's best-known backer, four days after he crashed out of the race when he discovered that he had been betrayed by Michael Gove, his campaign manager. "The move amounts to an act of revenge designed to hobble Mr Gove as Tory MPs hold the first round of voting today to begin whittling down five contenders to two by next week. "Mr Johnson's endorsement will boost Mrs Leadsom's status as the candidate who has made the strongest commitment to sever ties between the EU and Britain." It says: "He is a popular figure among the Conservative Party's grassroots and has earned considerable sympathy since his own campaign was thwarted before it got off the ground when Michael Gove said he could not support him and entered the race himself. "The manner in which Gove let his friend down, at the last moment, has caused the justice secretary's campaign to have a slow start, with some MPs saying they feel that there is a question of trust. "The decision for Johnson to back Leadsom could be hugely significant because almost 20 MPs who were planning to back him have yet to declare for another candidate. "If they support Leadsom, the battle will become a clear two-horse race." But Home Secretary Theresa May is still the favourite, notes the Guardian. The same paper reports that Mrs May will call for a prompt parliamentary vote in favour of renewing Britain's Trident nuclear weapons system. "The warning from the home secretary is likely to further deepen divisions in Labour, with Jeremy Corbyn opposed to maintaining support for the Trident programme," it says. She is emerging as the main challenger to Mrs May in the battle for the party leadership, it adds. Hardly a day goes by, it seems, without some high-profile figure resigning - now it is the turn of Top Gear presenter Chris Evans. The paper continues: "Top Gear's ratings slipped to a 14-year low during Evans's one-series tenure, with only 1.9 million viewers tuning in for the series finale on Sunday, lower than any show during the Jeremy Clarkson era. "The departure of Clarkson after an altercation with a producer last year led the BBC to search for a well-known British successor, but it now believes that Top Gear can survive without replacing Evans." According to the Telegraph: "The presenter was bullish before the programme first aired, in May, setting a target of five million viewers as a benchmark for success. "But the first episode received a critical mauling, and viewing figures quickly slipped away. "After several weeks of scheduling clashes with Euro 2016 football matches - which tore into Top Gear's young, male audience base - the sixth and final episode, on Sunday night, was seen by just 1.9 million viewers, half the number who watched a repeat of Antiques Roadshow on BBC One." "But when the call came, the car obsessive couldn't resist the opportunity to relaunch the BBC's biggest brand in his own image," he continues. "It hadn't. It dragged like Santa Pod and was only six episodes." David Cameron, Roy Hodgson, Boris Johnson, much of the shadow cabinet, Chris Evans... and they are followed by UKIP leader Nigel Farage who has also stepped down. "The former commodities trader in the City had been interested in politics since childhood, listening to the likes of Enoch Powell and Keith Joseph when they came to speak at Dulwich College, his illustrious south London public school," it says. "He turned to politics when Britain joined the Exchange Rate Mechanism, an experiment that would prove disastrous. "Sitting in Coates wine bar in the City he erupted into rage after hearing that Margaret Thatcher had agreed to peg the pound to the Deutschmark, effectively yoking the two currencies." "Think of it as Glenn Close going under the bathwater in Fatal Attraction. You know she's going to rear back up soon enough," she says. "The biggest clue to his future direction was the following comment: 'I am very keen to help the independence movements that are springing up elsewhere in the European Union because I'm certain of one thing: you haven't seen the last country that wants to leave the EU'," he says. "So hold onto your berets and assorted items of national dress - and prepare for Nigel Farage, the European tour." The UK is apparently planning what some might say is a typically British space mission. "Next year a spacecraft will be launched to test three inventions designed to solve one of the more pressing problems of space exploration: the growing corona of junk orbiting our planet. "Every day in the skies above our heads bits of defunct spacecraft from the Cold War era whizz past multi-million pound satellites vital for our telecommunications infrastructure."