 The Education Select Committee has rejected the government's choice for the new chief inspector of schools and children's services in England. The MPs said Amanda Spielman did not show "passion for the role" and did not convince them she understood all the elements of this "complex role". The cross-party committee of MPs said it was left with "significant concerns about her suitability for the post". The education secretary says she is the "best person for this crucial role". Mrs Morgan has written to the select committee, saying is "surprised and disappointed" and will "now consider the select committee's report and respond in due course."  The current Ofsted boss, Sir Michael Wilshaw, steps down at the end of the year. Last week, Ms Spielman, who is currently chairman of the exams regulator Ofqual, appeared before the committee for pre-appointment questioning. Their report said: Conservative committee chairman Neil Carmichael said he and his colleagues were "unconvinced" that Ms Spielman was the right person to lead Ofsted, to raise standards and improve the lives of children. "Ms Spielman's responses on child protection were particularly troubling and did not inspire confidence that she grasped the importance of Ofsted's inspections in preventing children being held at risk through service failure.  "As a committee, we did not leave the session with the view that Amanda Spielman was prepared for the vast scope and complexity of this important role." He went on: "It is unusual for a select committee to find itself unable to support the government's preferred candidate for a public appointment.  "However, it is our responsibility to hold government to account and the seriousness of our concerns regarding this appointment has led us to produce this report to the House of Commons. There is no urgency in this process - Sir Michael's term as Her Majesty's chief inspector does not expire until the end of the year.  "With this in mind, we call on the secretary of state not to proceed with Ms Spielman's appointment." But, in a letter to the committee, Mrs Morgan said: "Whilst I am grateful for the consideration the committee has put into the matter and take your views very seriously, I remain wholeheartedly in support of Amanda as the best person for this crucial role. "Having considered all the evidence from the recruitment process, I chose Amanda because it is clear to me that the education and social care systems-and the children and young people they provide for-will benefit hugely from her evidence-based approach, her system-level thinking, and her clear commitment to raising standards." The job advertisement for head of Ofsted in February and March attracted 32 applications, and five shortlisted candidates went on to be interviewed by the recruitment panel.