 There is a precedent for the No vote by junior doctors and medical students over their new contract. Back in 2002, consultants in England rejected the terms on offer and BMA negotiators went back into talks with the government. A year later, a deal was agreed second time round and the contract was brought in.  Could history repeat itself? At this stage, a repeat of that looks unlikely to say the least. The dispute has lasted too long and caused too much damage and bad will. And even if it hadn't, a government already talking about an extended period of austerity following the EU vote, will no doubt argue that it doesn't have the money to be more generous (which is what happened 14 years ago). The paralysis it finds itself in following the Brexit fall-out also renders any change of tack more difficult. In fact, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt's immediate response was telling.  He responded by trying to make capital out of the turnout - 68% - which means only about 40% of those eligible to vote rejected the contract.  But the British Medical Association is hardly in a position to push its case. Nor does it seem to want to. It's in disarray.  Its junior doctor leader Johann Malawana has resigned (after spending the past two months arguing it was a good deal) and its senior leadership have no stomach to carry on fighting given the current situation facing the country over Brexit. Ahead of the vote result being announced, they, in effect, ruled out sanctioning further industrial action in the short term. That could all change when a new junior doctor leader is appointed, but the vote is not binding on the BMA. Normally, this set of circumstances would mean the status quo would prevail. But the problem is the status quo has already started to change. Hospitals are already well on their way to introducing the new contract.  New rotas are due to be introduced next month for 6,000 newly qualified junior doctors with changes to pay to follow later in the year. Much of the rest of the profession was expected to follow over the course of the next 12 months. It is why on Monday I suggested the result of the vote may well end up being academic.  After all, Mr Hunt has already shown he is prepared to impose a deal without the support of junior doctors - he announced this in February before agreeing to last-minute talks which resulted in the reformed contract announced in May with the agreement of the BMA. Could the introduction of the contract be unpicked? Possibly, I'm told, but certainly not easily. It's a mess. And that's an understatement. But what is certain is that someone - either from government or the union or both - has to come up with something. And quickly.