 In their last editions before polling day, the papers produce a mix of reporting and campaigning on the EU referendum. The Mail and the Express call on readers to vote Leave, while the Mirror devotes its front page to a pro-Remain message. The paper says Remain campaigners have "failed to articulate a single positive reason for staying in the EU", and urges readers to seize the chance to leave. It publishes a large picture of his face and writes: "Look into his eyes... and then make sure you vote Leave tomorrow." "No editorial judgement could have been harder for us than this," it says, adding that the EU is a "difficult organisation to support with great enthusiasm". However, it says the EU cannot "carry the can" for problems caused by the Conservative government, and a Brexit would probably result in a "savage" recession. It says Britain is "greater in Europe", adding: "We are too good to shuffle off to the international sidelines, impoverished economically, culturally and influentially." One major talking point is backing for each campaign from experts and celebrities. In an editorial, the paper says voters should follow the advice of people in the "engine room of the British economy" and back Remain. "Battle for celebrity endorsements turns nasty" is a headline in the i. It says Victoria Beckham has clashed with Leave campaigners after they "dug out comments from 20 years ago" in which she accused "Euro bureaucrats" of destroying British individuality. It comes after her husband David Beckham backed Remain, and in the i Matthew Norman says the former footballer and "metrosexual demigod" may prove persuasive. Norman refers to the Beckhams as celebrity "royalty" - but the reported views of actual royalty feature in several papers.  Buckingham Palace officials said the Royal Family was "above politics", the Express reports.  The Guardian and the Mirror both publish spreads of pictures showing the famous faces backing each campaign.  Both pick out JK Rowling, Jeremy Clarkson and Sir Elton John among the Remain supporters, and John Cleese, Katie Hopkins and Elizabeth Hurley for Leave. It quotes people including shop workers, business owners, a fisherman and a full-time mum who want Britain to leave the EU. Several papers beat tight deadlines to include reaction to the BBC Great Debate, which took place on Tuesday evening. The former London mayor was caught in a "pincer movement" between his successor Sadiq Khan and Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson, he says. And he says the crowd at Wembley arena "showed active dislike for Remain's Project Fear".  In the Times, Lucy Fisher makes Mr Khan and Ms Davidson her joint winners with ratings of four out of five. She says Mr Khan was nervous early on but then launched a "salvo of attacks" on Mr Johnson, while Ms Davidson won over the audience with her "sassy raised eyebrow and head wiggle".  "Eventually the audience laughed at her tenacity, then groaned," he writes. He says the crowd's clapping, cheering and groaning "drowned out chunks of the debate", and concludes: "Oh well (WOO!), at least (YAAAY!) the campaign (RAAAR!) is almost over (HOORAY!)" Several papers report on the life sentence given to a father who beat his six-year-old daughter to death in Sutton, south London. Ellie was then put back in Butler's care despite a warning from her grandparents that the authorities would have "blood on their hands", the paper adds. Metro calls the stay-at-home dad "pure evil". It says Gray - who defended Butler "to the very end" - had a "warped love" for him. The return to Earth of British astronaut Tim Peake - and his plans for the future - feature in several papers. The paper also says the European Space Agency has announced that a space base could be "parked" between Earth and the Moon within a decade. It quotes the ESA's Dave Parker, who calls the plan "a human outpost in deep space, located far out, where the Earth and Moon's gravity balance, a kind of crossroads in space".