 Clueless, hypocrite and psychopath are among the insults thrown at senior Conservatives as the debate over the party's leadership rages in Sunday's papers. Five candidates are vying for the role, and former hopeful Boris Johnson is still making headlines after falling out of the race. Home Secretary Theresa May is widely regarded as the favourite, and a cartoon in the Mirror shows her driving a chariot over her rivals in Downing Street. In an interview with the paper, she says she aspires to emulate Baroness Thatcher's leadership qualities of being both "courteous" and "steely".  She campaigned for Leave, but the paper publishes a quote from three years ago in which it claims she said leaving would be a "disaster for our economy". The fiercest row still revolves around leadership candidate Michael Gove and non-runner Mr Johnson - who had expected Mr Gove's backing until a late change of heart. She says Mr Gove stabbed her brother "in the back and in the front, pushed him under a bus, ran over him several times and then declared he was running for the leadership himself". She calls it the "most egregious reverse ferret and act of treachery in modern political history". According to the Sun, Mr Gove's attempts to "patch up" his friendship with Mr Johnson have been met with an "angry wall of silence". The Observer's front page has harsh words for both men - criticising Mr Johnson for "cluelessness and irresponsibility" and saying his "smirking nemesis" Mr Gove is untrustworthy. "That led me to make the difficult decision, at no little cost, to put friendships aside and act in the national interest," he says, adding that he came to the "uncomfortable conclusion" that he was the best person to lead the UK. Largely forgotten in the commentary is David Cameron, whose resignation sparked the process.  In a Times cartoon entitled "Week of the long knives", Mr Cameron is stabbed in the back by Mr Johnson, who in turn is stabbed by Mr Gove - and behind him stands Mrs May, ready to kick him in the backside. "But they also need to respect the democracy of our party and the views of Labour's membership," he says. They fear Mr Watson will try to "bully" Mr Corbyn into resigning, it reports. But a spokesman for Mr Watson says: "Tom has always had a very good working and personal relationship with Jeremy." Writing in the Express, Prof John Gaffney says the Labour Party "doesn't know what leadership is".  He says Mr Corbyn won the leadership in 2015 by firing people's imaginations but then "stopped performing at the moment of his victory". The papers pay tribute to actress, comedian and writer Caroline Aherne, who has died of cancer at the age of 52. The Express calls it a "death in Britain's comedy family". He gives the example of a question she asked Debbie McGhee: "What first, Debbie, attracted you to the millionaire Paul Daniels?" Writing in the Sun, McGhee says she has happy memories of that interview, and adds: "I often said to people that's what made me famous." Daily Star TV critic Garry Bushell says Aherne had a "rare wit and a brilliant way with words". The Mirror says her creations Mrs Merton and the Royle Family became national institutions "not just because they were hilarious, but because they weren't scared to go where others feared to tread".  "Just three months after Victoria Wood's death, cancer has robbed us of another comedy great too soon; a tragedy far from the laughs they both brought," he adds. England football fans feeling down after losing to Iceland got a "major consolation prize" when Wales beat Belgium on Friday, it says. With more than a hint of sarcasm, the Sun calls it a "magnificent weekend" for English fans.  "First the jaw-dropping win in the Euros for Wales, which is near England," it says. "Now our very own Andy Murray from Surrey is storming through Wimbo." And if that doesn't help, the Mirror has an alternative under the headline: "Find out how Welsh you are." The article ends: "It seems your gran was born in Wales and her mum was a Jones. Proper Welsh eh? Get your scarf on..."