 Wales fans are celebrating as the football team secured its place in its first ever semi-final in a major tournament. The stadium in Lille, France, and Cardiff's fan zone erupted with cheers when the final whistle blew in the Euro 2016 quarter final game, which ended 3-1 against Belgium. The team will now play Portugal in Lyon on Wednesday. In an exhilarating game in northern France, Wales went one better than their 1958 predecessors who reached the last eight of the World Cup. However, the game got off to a tense start after Wales fell behind to Radja Nainggolan's strike in the first 15 minutes.  Thousands of Wales fans travelled to Lille for the quarter-final match, with many congregating in the fan zone. After the final whistle, Neil Davies, 49, from south Wales, said Wales had played "brilliantly" and he had tears in his eyes. He said: "I thought if Belgium went 1-0 up then that would be it. They did and I thought that's us done. To come back the way we did - unbelievable." Paula Hart, 41, from Swansea, said: "It's just been immense. The Belgian fans have been the best, so fair play to them.  "I'm now thinking about the final. Portugal haven't been great so why not start thinking about it?" Julian Richards, 31, of Pontypool, said: "It feels absolutely fantastic. "What we've had in the quarter-final and what I think we'll have in the semi-final is belief. Belief breeds confidence." Mr Richards, who was in the Lille fan zone, said: "One thing I will say is Belgian fans, best in the world." He took his 14-year-old son, Joel, to Lille and he said the Belgian fans had given him flags and glasses. Geraint Thomas, 51, of Menai Bridge, Anglesey, said: "Here with the proper fans [in the fan zone] it's worth the £200 you would have to pay for a ticket." And he was unequivocal about where Wales were headed in Euro 2016.  "Next weekend we've going to the final. Forget Portugal, we're going to the final." Gary Lineker ended the BBC's Match of the Day programme saying it was "the greatest night in Wales' footballing history".