 Scotland's five living first ministers have united to back a vote for the UK to remain in the EU on the final day of referendum campaigning. The country goes to the polls on Thursday to decide the future of the UK's European Union membership. The five first ministers released a statement saying the EU is "vital for jobs and investment in Scotland". However, the Leave campaign said the only way to protect Scotland from EU integration was to quit the union. Polls have suggested a tight contest in Thursday's referendum, although Remain has had the advantage north of the border in most surveys. Serving First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has come together with her predecessors Alex Salmond, Jack McConnell, Henry McLeish and Jim Wallace to call for a Remain vote. The group released a joint statement saying they were "proud to come together to urge our fellow Scots to vote Remain, in this unprecedented display of unity in the history of the Scottish Parliament". They continued: "The stakes could hardly be higher. "Staying in the European Union and its single market is vital for jobs and investment in Scotland, and also enshrines key protections for workers and consumers. "We must vote to keep our EU rights, and by maximising the Remain vote in Scotland we could make the difference in keeping the UK in the EU. "Our message to the people of Scotland is to unite as a nation, turn out on Thursday and vote Remain." The Leave campaign are also planning campaigning across the country for the final day before the referendum. Scottish Vote Leave director Tom Harris hit out at Ms Sturgeon in particular over suggestions Scotland could seek independence following a Brexit, and could even seek to use the Euro instead of the pound. During a BBC Scotland TV debate, SNP MP Joanna Cherry suggested that Scotland "probably wouldn't want to be tied to the pound if it nosedives after a Brexit". Mr Harris said: "The SNP are now obsessed with giving away all control over Scotland to an unelected elite in Brussels. They want Scotland to become part of a European superstate. "The SNP are willing to give away control over our borders, give away control over Scottish fisheries, and now they're preparing to give away our currency. "It's now more clear than ever that the only way to stop further EU integration and to stop the Euro from becoming Scotland's currency is to Vote Leave and take back control." Ms Sturgeon said that "it is not the SNP's policy to seek entry to the Euro now or at any time in the future".