 European newspapers see the UK Brexit vote as a serious blow to European unity and a warning that EU politicians must address widespread economic pain.  There is a general view that Europe is struggling with a dramatic turning point in its history. This is "the end of Europe as we knew it", writes Philippe Gelie, and the EU must "review everything - methods, objectives, and participants", in order to save itself. It warns European leaders that if they do not address the decline in wages and public services that many Europeans associate with migration, populists will continue to tempt voters with their "miracle cures - or worse". The result is that, not only in Britain, "ordinary people are turning towards their nations as the only credible bulwark against the excesses of globalisation".   Liberation's solution is for the European Commission to cede power to the European Parliament, which can then make the voice of the people heard and "ward off the democratic crisis".  Looking at the UK, it predicts a gloomy future in which UKIP will mutate into a "mild form of fascism" to exploit economic discontent, leaving the country "like France today: full of resentment, incapable of reform, and divided". But the paper also warns that the vote was a revolt "against those on high", and that populist parties in Europe will now use the referendum threat to put pressure on their own governments.  "The European Union is now at a turning point, and if the German government thinks it can continue just like before, it could bring this Europe crashing down around their ears," it concludes. The leaders must address "disillusionment with the EU among their own voters", by strengthening EU border controls and reinforcing the eurozone, he says. A poll it carried out shows most voters fearing exit would be "bad for our wallets" and reduce the country's role on the world stage, but their lead over "Nexit" supporters is narrow. It calls for a "strong and well-coordinated EU" to meet the challenges of migration and Russia's new assertiveness. Like most other papers, it says Europe must address the concerns of a sceptical public who "vote as citizens of their own countries, not as Europeans". He says British anti-migrant sentiment is "terrible hypocrisy".  "They need migrants like they need air, then use them to present a negative narrative," he complains. As for the impact of Brexit on Europe, he is more restrained. "It's not yet the greatest misfortune, but still quite a big headache." Some commentators wonder whether the UK will use its new status to forge stronger links with Asia.