 The EgyptAir Airbus A320 flying overnight from Paris to Cairo crashed into the eastern Mediterranean Sea early on Thursday 19 May. Flight MS804 had 66 passengers and crew on board. Some debris from the crashed flight was later found floating in the Mediterranean, 290km (180 miles) north of the Egyptian city of Alexandria. On 15 June Egyptian officials said the main wreckage had been located on the sea bed. At some point before the aircraft was lost from radar, it turned 90 degrees left and then 360 degrees to the right, dropping from 37,000 [11,300m] to 15,000ft [4,600m] and then 10,000ft [3,000m], according to Greek investigators. Ehab Azmy, the head of Egypt's state-run provider of air navigation services said the plane did not divert from its course at any point. He also said the crew did not make any calls reporting smoke on board. The area in which flight MS804 crashed is one of the deepest in the Mediterranean - more than 3,000m (10,000ft) in some parts.  Days after the search began, debris and body parts were found to the east of the plane's last known location. Egypt's military released images of debris including a lifejacket, pieces of fabric and metal fragments. On 15 June, Egyptian investigators said the deep sea search vessel John Lethbridge had found wreckage of the fuselage of the plane in "several main locations" and had taken the first images of it. A map of the distribution of the wreckage is being drawn up so a recovery operation can begin. The search is focused on finding the plane's so-called black box flight data and voice recorders which could hold vital clues to the crash.  Experts have warned that signals emitted by the recorders are expected to expire by 24 June. The European Space Agency (ESA) said one of its satellites detected what appeared to be a 2km-long oil slick in the eastern Mediterranean Sea in the same area the plane disappeared. The fire alarm data could be the biggest clue yet as to what happened. It suggests there was a fire at the front of the aircraft, on the right-hand side, and that the fire spread very quickly.  But whether that fire was deliberate or mechanical, we still cannot say, says the BBC's transport correspondent Richard Westcott Egypt's civil aviation minister said the possibility of a terrorist attack bringing down the aircraft was "stronger" than technical failure. The head of Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) was also quoted by the Interfax news agency as saying: "In all likelihood, this is a terrorist act." However, Egyptian Prime Minister Sharif Ismail has been reluctant to speculate over the cause of the disappearance. "We cannot exclude anything at this time or confirm anything," he told reporters. Additionally, no group has claimed it carried out the attack. Mina Al-Lami, a jihadist media expert for the BBC Monitoring team, adds that there has been "no credible indication" to suggest that jihadist organizations were involved in the case.  86,000 airport staff have security clearance to go flight-side About 80 had clearance revoked after Paris attacks for links to radical Islam In France, the focus is on a possible breach of security at Paris Charles de Gaulle airport. After last November's Paris attacks, some airport staff had their security clearance revoked over fears of links to Islamist extremists. Reports say officers who were on duty at Charles de Gaulle on the evening the plane took off have been interviewed. Bad weather is not thought to be a contributing factor - the European Organisation for the Safety of Air Navigation said the weather was clear at the time the plane disappeared. There were 56 passengers, seven crew members and three security personnel on board.  The passengers comprised 30 Egyptians, 15 French, two Iraqis, one Briton, one Kuwaiti, one Saudi, one Sudanese, one Chadian, one Portuguese, one Belgian, one Algerian and one Canadian. Three of the passengers were children, two of them infants, EgyptAir said. An EgyptAir official identified the first officer as Mohamed Assem, with more than 2,000 hours' flying experience.  There were no known names on current terrorism watch lists, according to European security officials quoted by the Associated Press news agency. Who was on board the flight? The twin-engine aircraft had accumulated approximately 48,000 flight hours. The BBC has learned that the A320-232 was forced to make an emergency landing in 2013 after the pilot noticed the engine overheating, but an official report said the defect had been repaired. The aircraft family first entered service in 1988. At the end of April 2016, more than 6,700 A320s were in operation worldwide, according to Airbus. To date, the entire fleet has accumulated almost 180 million flight hours in over 98 million flights. No. Despite several high-profile plane crashes in recent years, data gathered by the Aviation Safety Network (ASN) shows that 2015 had a record low total of 16 fatal airliner accidents, resulting in 560 fatalities.  ASN says that made 2015 the safest year ever in terms of the number of fatal accidents and the fifth safest year ever in terms of fatalities. 