 Labour will suffer heavy losses if Jeremy Corbyn leads it into a general election this year, one of the party's Welsh MPs has said. Aberavon MP Stephen Kinnock said Mr Corbyn's mandate belonged to a "different era". Meanwhile Wrexham MP Ian Lucas said Labour "urgently" needed a new leader.  Labour sources told the Press Association news agency that Chris Bryant, the Rhondda MP, was poised to stand down as shadow Commons leader amid a string of resignations. Mr Kinnock, asked on BBC Sunday Politics Wales if he feared that many MPs could lose their seats under Mr Corbyn's leadership, said: "That is absolutely central to our concerns. "I do not see him as a negotiator with the skills and experience that we need to take us forward at this unprecedented time. "I accept that the membership gave Jeremy a huge mandate, but that was then and this is now. Everything has changed." Mr Kinnock added: "We have to ensure that we go into that general election with a leader who is right in the context of a post-Brexit referendum United Kingdom." But Darren Williams, secretary of the left-leaning Welsh Labour Grassroots movement, told BBC Radio Wales it was "disappointing that Labour isn't uniting around Jeremy Corbyn". Mr Lucas said he wrote to Mr Corbyn urging him to stand down after he local constituency party passed a motion of no confidence in the leader.  He told BBC Radio Wales he was disappointed by the sacking of Hilary Benn as shadow foreign secretary. "It's symptomatic of the fact unfortunately the present leader is not capable of leading the Labour Party effectively at this time of national crisis," he added. Former Welsh Secretary Lord Hain said: "It's been very evident for a while that the majority of Labour-inclined voters do not think Jeremy is capable of winning the next election for us. "That is the reality which cannot be ignored. That's the issue that needs to be confronted by party members who voted for him." He wrote: "It's a disgrace that political parties are playing self-indulgent games with orchestrated resignations on the hour as part of an organised treachery."