 Two Lanarkshire steel plants which were mothballed last October are to resume production with a contract to produce heavy-duty steel for wind towers. Liberty House has announced that the former Tata plants at Dalzell and Clydebridge, which are set to resume production in September, will make the steel plate needed for the towers. The site where the towers will be built has not yet been announced. Liberty House bought the steel tower production equipment from Mabey Bridge Renewables at Chepstow, South Wales. which closed down last year. The equipment makes towers of up to 56m (184ft) tall x 5m (16ft) diameter for onshore wind installations but Liberty plans to upgrade it to make 110m (361ft) x 10m (33ft) towers for the growing offshore market. Towers and cross sections for the National Grid's new 35m (115ft) tall T-Pylons, expected to become a common feature across Britain, will also be made. Liberty House's executive chairman Sanjeev Gupta said: "We are very excited about this new opportunity. It is an excellent example of how we are integrating our steel production and manufacturing supply chain to create a robust industrial eco-system. "It is particularly appropriate that this new business will supply the renewable energy market in view of our own Greensteel  strategy, which involves investing in green energy as the basis of a competitive UK steel and engineering industry." He added: "Our aim is to create a world-class centre for the production of tubular towers and other large-scale steel fabrication. "Most of these products are currently imported, so there is great potential to substitute this with our own production of best-in-class and competitive British towers, building sustained value and creating skilled jobs in a growth sector." Liberty said it planned to offer apprenticeship opportunities, including modern apprenticeships in engineering, finance and commercial planning. "This news underscores the type of jobs benefits that will come as the UK transitions to a zero-carbon economy." The Scottish government set up a steel task force after Tata announced it was mothballing the plants in Motherwell and Cambuslang. The government later bought the mills and immediately sold them to Liberty.