 "Brexecuted", "Tory Day of Treachery" and "The Real Game of Thrones" - a dramatic twist in the Conservative Party leadership contest demands headlines and front pages to match - and Friday's newspapers duly deliver. "On a day of extraordinary bitterness, Michael Gove knifed Boris Johnson in the back - ending the former London mayor's dream of becoming prime minister," it says. "Mr Gove was accused of treachery and of presiding over an 'orchestrated plot' to destroy his fellow Brexiteer." "The blond Brexiteer had spent the week at the Palace of Westminster readying his troops to go into battle with rival Theresa May. "But just hours before he was due to stake his claim to the Conservative crown, he was knifed in the back by his trusted friend and ally in the Leave campaign, Michael Gove." "Having been comprehensively stitched up by his running mate and several other 'supporters', [Mr Johnson] threw in the towel, his ambitions in ruins." "From Brexit hero to zero in a week," declares the Sun's front page, followed by its main headline "Brexecuted". It says that despite suffering an "extraordinary act of political assassination", Mr Johnson has not escaped criticism. "Tory grandee" Michael Heseltine likened him to a general abandoning the battlefield at the first sign of trouble after "ripping the party apart", the paper says. "If you didn't find it fascinating and invigorating, then you don't like politics." "The burly loudmouth bottled the biggest game of his life after a tackle by Gove the Geek... the truth is when push came to shove, the blond ambition chickened out, fearing defeat." "Boris made a huge miscalculation: by heading up the Leave campaign, he drew a target on his own back.  "Incredibly, his enemies have scored a quick and unexpected bullseye instead of overtaking him in the leadership race." "Shambolic, heroic, flawed, magnificent.... a crowd-pleaser, a campaigner who electrified the public, had been seen off by the forces of greyness. "The way he seduced the voters and made them laugh had secured him the envy of parliamentary colleagues. How they resent panache."  "His charisma, humour and eloquence would have been a great asset in Downing Street, but the job would have been a massive test of his attention to detail." "It might have been a thrilling ride, but Britain risked ending up like our hero, dangling foolishly on a political zip-wire." "Boris Johnson snuffed out his blazing ambitions with a moment of quite astounding political theatre. "The master of the zip wire and the Boris bike may have just pulled off his most gob-smacking stunt yet." So what of Home Secretary Theresa May? She also entered the leadership race on Thursday, along with Liam Fox and Andrea Leadsom, with Stephen Crabb having already announced his bid. The "extraordinary act of political assassination" of Boris Johnson has cleared Theresa May's path to Downing Street, the i believes. The Sun says she "stormed into pole position" in the race to be PM "after vowing to end Tory squabbles and pledging 'Brexit means Brexit'". The Daily Express has Mrs May, 59, as the odds-on favourite, adding: "At Westminster, where gregariousness is prized, the shy Tory is accused of lacking warmth. "But she is pitching herself as the hard-working and battle-hardened candidate." "With referendum wounds still raw, the markets jittery, the future uncertain - and Westminster increasingly resembling a madhouse - what the country needs most is a solid and steady hand on the tiller," it writes. Other key stories Despite the dominance of politics in Friday's papers, they find space to reflect on the commemorations of the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme and the stories of some of those who died. The five-month battle along a 15-mile front in northern France saw more than one million people killed or wounded on both sides. Britain lost nearly 20,000 soldiers on the first day alone, making 1 July 1916 the deadliest day in the Army's history. The Daily Mirror writes: "We must never forget the bravery of the young men who exactly 100 years ago today heard the whistles that would send so many over the top to an early grave. "Many of the men who died did not have the vote and their suffering played a part in obtaining rights and freedoms we should cherish, respecting those who never grew old so that we may be free." The Times says "the Somme was a slaughter, but it was not in vain", as it allowed Allied commanders to learn how to fight a mechanised war on an unprecedented scale. "It was knowledge that ultimately helped to secure victory." The account of Corporal George Ashurst, of soldiers waiting in the trenches for the detonation of a mine to signal their advance, is recalled in the i. "There we stood, rather silently leaning against the side of the trench, wondering if we had much longer to live and suddenly brushing the ugly thought of death away. "Just as the waiting was becoming unbearable, and the terrible strain causing some men to utter almost unnatural noises, we felt a queer, dull thud and our trench fairly rocked. "A great blue flame shot into the sky... the great mine had gone up. It was 7.30. It was zero hour."