 Which politician has captured the curve, summed up a growing mood, in a ferocious speech?  "Your iron industry is dead, dead as mutton. Your coal industries, which depend greatly on the iron industries, are languishing. Your silk industry is dead, assassinated by the foreigner. Your woollen industry is in articulo mortis, gasping, struggling. Your cotton industry is seriously sick. Your shipbuilding industry, which held out longest, is come to a standstill." The system he preferred - "Fair Trade" - is coming back into fashion. It many signal a new rejection of one of the global elite's most cherished policies - free trade. This is the notion that the fewer economic barriers around the world, and the less countries protect their own goods and trade with special policies, the richer we all end up. The opposite is protectionism - making foreign goods more expensive by putting taxes on their import , tariffs, in order to make home-grown products cheaper by comparison.  While few embrace the word protectionism, growing numbers of politicians are openly embracing the principle behind it. Many economists mock this as crazy stuff, but it is a sentiment that goes down well with many Americans. I remember well talking to a wide variety of people at "the biggest little flea market in the world" in Kentucky, including a man sadly selling Western-style cowboy belts made in China. Just about everyone I spoke to complained about "the jobs going to Mexico and China".  Trump is not alone, and this is a sentiment not only of the right.  Trans-Pacific Partnership: What is it and why does it matter? He has been saying it for a while. This is him in 2011: "Let's be clear: one of the major reasons that the middle class in America is disappearing, poverty is increasing and the gap between the rich and everyone else is growing wider and wider, is due to our disastrous unfettered free trade policy." The fringe has come to the fore. That changes the mood of the mainstream too.  The person still most likely to end up in the White House, Hillary Clinton, was once a fierce defender of the Asia deal.  "It was just finally negotiated last week, and in looking at it, it didn't meet my standards…. I want to make sure that I can look into the eyes of any middle-class American and say: 'this will help raise your wages'. And I concluded I could not." What the US does will set the tone for the rest of the world. And the enthusiasm for free trade is being increasingly questioned in the rest of the world.  One passionate Brexit campaigner, the entrepreneur and inventor Sir James Dyson, faces that prospect with equanimity. In Our Time: The Corn Laws It is worth remembering that argument split the Conservative Party between its economic liberal and nationalist wings.  TTIP: The EU-US trade deal explained But Europe's fastest growing economy has announced this week a more open breach with the internationalist philosophy.  The deputy Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki, declares the nation is too dependent on foreign money: "We want the invisible hand of the market supported by the visible hand of the state". This reaction, in the US and Europe, is part of the aftershock of the 2008 economic crisis and the sense of frustration and powerlessness felt by many voters.  And the Chinese are the main target of such measures by countries around the globe.  This is a huge challenge to the rebalancing of the world economy which we cover with the dustsheet rubric "globalisation". National politicians have always put their own country's economic interests first.  But for decades those in power have argued economics is not a zero-sum game, and what benefits one benefits all.  While the game hasn't quite changed to "beggar thy neighbour" those who want to look after the left-behinds, or at least court their votes, may clamour for a contest where the richer nations reassert their self-perceived right to be top dog.