 As voters go to the polls in the EU referendum, the issue dominates Thursday's front pages. Turning from the front pages to the back, the headlines feature a host of Iceland-related puns, including: "Time to break the ice", "Nice one my sson" and "the Icemen cometh".  It follows the news that England will play Iceland in the next round of the Euro 2016 football tournament. The Sun agrees, saying the goal "saves us" from Portuguese star Cristiano Ronaldo. But it seems Icelandic midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson has no fear of his side's next opponent, as the paper quotes him saying: "England is the one we wanted." The Express agrees that Iceland have a chance. Under the headline "reasons to be afraid", it says Iceland's weapons include long throws, set pieces and "plenty of big men". These include singer Bjork, former Mastermind presenter Magnus Magnusson and Hafthor Bjornsson - who plays Gregor "the Mountain" Clegane in TV show Game of Thrones. Ireland will join Iceland in the next round, after their 1-0 win over Italy set up a knockout match with France. Festival-goers trying to reach Glastonbury were stranded in their cars for up to 14 hours due to heavy rain and "mud-clogged roads", the Times reports. It says the local MP called it "carmageddon" and said he would write to festival organisers to complain about the impact on the people of Somerset. The Mail quotes one festival-goer who said she finally saw Glastonbury 26 hours after setting off. "Queue the music" is the headline in the Mirror, but it says forecasters have predicted better weather on Thursday. The "growing popularity of junk food deliveries to schools" has prompted public health leaders to call for a ban, the Times reports. It says figures from the Royal Society for Public Health (RSPH) show a quarter of young people have ordered burgers, pizzas or curries to their schools. Several papers report on golfer Rory McIlroy's decision to pull out of the Rio Olympics, citing fears over the Zika virus. Zika, which is carried by mosquitoes, is linked to brain defects in newborn babies, the paper adds. McIlroy said he was "unwilling" to take the health risk, the Telegraph reports. But it says his decision - which comes two months after he spent a holiday in Zika-affected Barbados - led to "speculation that other factors could be involved".  There have been suggestions that top professionals are prioritising other tournaments over the Olympics, it adds.  The Times says McIlroy is unlikely to be the last high-profile golfer to pull out of the Rio games. 