 Singer Sir Cliff Richard will face no further action over allegations of historical sex abuse, prosecutors say. The Crown Prosecution Service said it had decided there was "insufficient evidence to prosecute". Sir Cliff said he was "obviously thrilled that the vile accusations and the resulting investigation have finally been brought to a close". But he said his naming by the media despite not being charged meant he had been "hung out like live bait". Four men claimed offences took place between 1958 and 1983, the CPS said. He criticised the "high-profile fumbling of my case from day one". "Other than in exceptional cases, people who are facing allegations should never be named publicly until charged," he said. "I was named before I was even interviewed and for me that was like being hung out like 'live bait'. "It is obvious that such strategies simply increase the risk of attracting spurious claims which not only tie up police resources and waste public funds, but they forever tarnish the reputations of innocent people." He added: "Ever since the highly-publicised and BBC-filmed raid on my home I have chosen not to speak publicly. "Even though I was under pressure to 'speak out', other than to state my innocence, which was easy for me to do as I have never molested anyone in my life, I chose to remain silent." By Danny Shaw, BBC home affairs correspondent Sir Cliff Richard's anger, mixed with relief, seeps from every his line of his 366-word statement.  The phrase "hung out like live bait" stands out - and it's designed to.  Sir Cliff wants to stop the reputations of other people being tarnished by publicity about allegations that haven't been proven, let alone crossed the threshold for a prosecution.  Although it's not police practice to identify suspects who haven't been charged - unless there are exceptional circumstances - names occasionally leak out and journalists sometimes discover the details through other routes.  A statutory ban on naming would put a stop to that. But would it allow sex offenders to get away with their crimes?  The concern is that if they hadn't been named in the media at an early stage, thereby emboldening other victims to come forward, some recently convicted celebrities would have got away with it. BBC film crews, including one in a helicopter, filmed the raid in August 2014. The investigation is estimated to have cost "in the region of £800,000" including staffing costs, the force added. "Non-recent allegations are, by their very nature, complex and difficult matters to investigate and can take a considerable amount of time," it said. "We appreciate that waiting for a conclusion will undoubtedly have caused additional distress to all those involved and we have made every effort to ensure this has been as timely as possible. "However, it is in the interests of justice to investigate such matters thoroughly." Prosecutors received the full evidence file from police on 10 May, and BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw said that meant the CPS had made its decision "quite quickly".   But he said the CPS had been working alongside the police for many months and there would now be "serious questions for the police in particular about why this has taken so long".  He also said there would be "serious questions for the BBC in terms of its coverage".  Commenting on the claims against Sir Cliff, our correspondent says this "isn't necessarily the end of the matter", as the CPS maintains it must "keep every case under review" and every complainant has the right to a review of a decision not to bring charges.  Conservative MP David Davis said Sir Cliff's case was "another high-profile arrest which resulted in no prosecution". "It is time for a complete review of police procedures surrounding high-profile sex abuse cases, and the publicity surrounding these cases," he said. "Whilst it is important to protect victims and maximise the chances of a successful prosecution, this must not result in the gratuitous destruction of people's reputation." Responding to questions about the BBC's coverage, a spokesman said: "We applied normal editorial judgements to a story that was covered widely by all media and have continued to report the investigation as it developed including the CPS's decision today - which is running prominently across our news output."