 Former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has said he backs Andrea Leadsom to be the UK's next prime minister. They campaigned together for the UK to leave the EU, and Mr Duncan Smith said Mrs Leadsom was the "right person to lead" in the forthcoming negotiations. Meanwhile, Mrs Leadsom said the new PM must be a Leave supporter - which would rule out frontrunner Theresa May. The other candidates to replace David Cameron are Stephen Crabb, Michael Gove and Liam Fox. As of 18:00 BST on Friday, Mrs May had secured the backing of 96 Tory MPs, while Mr Crabb had 22, Mrs Leadsom had 21, Mr Gove had 18 and Mr Fox had 10. More than 160 Conservative MPs had yet to declare whom they would support. Whoever is elected Conservative leader will succeed Mr Cameron as prime minister and be responsible for negotiating the UK's exit from the EU, following the 23 June referendum result. The candidates will take part in a series of ballots of the party's 330 MPs, starting on Tuesday.  The two most popular will then go on to a vote of the wider party membership, with the result due on 9 September.  Mr Duncan Smith said he had spoken to all the candidates and had "huge confidence" in Mrs Leadsom. He praised her strength, experience and "ability to achieve objectives even against considerable odds". "I believe that Andrea's strong family background, business experience, compassion, commitment to social justice and dedication will make her a great prime minister for the UK," he added. Though she did not directly mention Mrs May - who supported Remain - she said it would be "very difficult" for someone who had backed staying in the EU to lead the Tory party. She also said "key negotiating people" in the UK's EU exit talks would have to be Brexit supporters. The justice secretary said that when he concluded Boris Johnson was not the "right person" to succeed Mr Cameron, his heart told him he should put himself forward. Mr Gove, who said he had a "burning desire to transform our country", vowed to cut immigration and increase NHS spending if he became PM. But he is facing calls to step down to ensure party unity, and business minister Anna Soubry said he had "behaved appallingly" in pledging support for Mr Johnson then withdrawing it at the last minute. Asked whether he had been betrayed by Mr Gove, Mr Johnson replied that he had not been able to "get on with what I wanted to do" and it was now "up to somebody else". Mrs May has been boosted by the support of the Daily Mail and cabinet colleagues including Defence Secretary Michael Fallon. Mr Fox, meanwhile, said the focus should be on how the UK would negotiate its EU exit to get the best possible deal, saying anything else was a distraction.