 Politicians will return to Westminster later to pay tribute to Labour MP Jo Cox, who was killed in her constituency in West Yorkshire on Thursday. MPs, who had been in recess for the EU referendum, have been recalled to the Commons to remember Mrs Cox, 41, who was described as "perfect" by her family. The Lords are also returning.  They will then process to St Margaret's Church for a short memorial service.  Thomas Mair, who is accused of killing her, is due to appear in court later.  On Sunday, the leader of the Commons, Chris Grayling, said "conventional party politics should be a million miles away", while Mr Corbyn told the BBC he was considering allowing Labour MPs to sit with colleagues from rival parties. But BBC political correspondent Eleanor Garnier said it was understood friends of the MP on both sides of the Commons wanted to sit together with close party colleagues and normal seating arrangements would be maintained.  Our correspondent said Monday would be a significant moment, not just because party divisions will be put aside but because the recall of Parliament is rare. Politicians across the different parties have continued to pay tribute to Mrs Cox since her death.  Prime Minister David Cameron described her as a "rising star" who "embodied Britain at her best" while Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said she was an "exceptional, wonderful, very talented woman".  The mother of two was described during the service as a "21st Century Good Samaritan" and a "fervent advocate for the poor and the oppressed". On Saturday, Mrs Cox's sister Kim Leadbeater paid tribue to her "perfect" sister and thanked the community for their support, saying it had "genuinely made a difference" and helped the family through some "dark times". Friends of Mrs Cox have announced plans for a public event in Trafalgar Square in London on Wednesday - which would have been her 42nd birthday. There have also been calls for a memorial to be installed at Westminster to remember her, while a fund set up in her name has raised more than £800,000. Mrs Cox is the first sitting MP to be killed since Conservative Ian Gow was blown up by the IRA in 1990, the last in a string of politicians to be murdered by Northern Irish terror groups. Thomas Mair, 52, from Birstall, faces charges of murder, grievous bodily harm, possession of a firearm with intent to commit an indictable offence and possession of an offensive weapon in connection with the attack on Mrs Cox. He refused to give his correct name and did not reply when asked to confirm his address and date of birth at an appearance at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Saturday. The defendant is due to appear at the Old Bailey for a bail application later. The recall of Parliament to remember Mrs Cox comes as campaigning in the UK's EU referendum resumed on Sunday after it was suspended for three days as a mark of respect to the MP. 