 Reaction to the UK's decision to leave the European Union and the leaderships of the Conservative and Labour parties occupy the Sunday papers. Nicky Morgan, Stephen Crabb, Liam Fox and George Freeman also signalled their intentions to run and Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt could join them, the Sunday Times adds. The paper continues: "In a bid to stop a 'coronation', Nicky Morgan launched a coded attack on the tone of Johnson's Brexit campaign. "Writing in The Sunday Times, the education secretary warned Conservatives not to adopt a hardline stance on immigration like the Brexiteers, warning it would condemn the party to the political 'wilderness' if they retreated to an 'ideological comfort zone' in a bid to 'appease the noisy fringes'. "He is likely to say that there needs to be a period of 'calm' and 'stability for the country' after the historic vote to leave the European Union and to warn against the risk of 'talking down' the economy," says the Telegraph. "Theresa May, the Home Secretary, has emerged as the favoured 'stop Boris candidate' amid claims Mr Cameron's allies are offering their support." Leading Remain campaigners Theresa May and George Osborne may stand as "Stop Boris" candidates, it adds. Mr Corbyn is facing a vote of no confidence over his performance in the referendum campaign. Hilary Benn, reports the Sunday Times, was consulting colleagues about urging Mr Corbyn to stand down and asking whether they would resign if he did not. It emerged after the papers went to press that Mr Benn has been sacked as shadow foreign secretary. "The development comes as leaked internal Labour Party polling of people who voted for Labour in 2015 reveals that nearly a third (29%) would support a different party if a general election was held today." "But now they have a charge that they think they can make stick: losing the EU referendum." Unsurprisingly, there is no lack of comment and reflection on the referendum in the Sunday papers. "Johnson had no idea his fellow Old Etonian and sparring partner for two decades was about to quit. "Those present say Johnson was 'pretty emotional' at what had transpired in the hours before when his band of Brexiteer underdogs had secured the most dramatic referendum victory in British history." "This is a time for hope, too, for the energies released by Brexit to be diverted to adapting to our new situation. Britain is a nation of ideas and enterprise," it says. "Under new, optimistic leadership we can prosper in association with our friends in Europe and our friends in the world." "So, farewell then, David Cameron. No prime minister has made a bigger miscalculation since Anthony Eden thought he could get away with invading Egypt in 1956 to recapture the Suez Canal," he writes. "Going for a referendum on the country's geopolitical state as if it was a council regulation on dog-fouling was a very big mistake." "Thursday's referendum was a revolution - and we welcome it," it says. "The Britons who voted to remain inside a free trade zone in 1975 formed a sizeable proportion of the people who voted to leave an outsized political project in 2016. "It was a rational decision and a courageous one. It need not prove tumultuous. Calm and unity should follow." It comments: "Anyone who has witnessed the aftermath of a super typhoon in countries such as the Philippines or seen the devastation caused by the hurricanes that occasionally ravage the Caribbean and southern US would readily recognise the dramatically altered political, economic and social landscape of the United Kingdom following last week's thunderous vote to leave the European Union. "The damage caused by this constitutional mega-storm is ubiquitous, unquantifiable and, in some key instances, irreparable. "The political establishment, including the leaders of the two main parties, David Cameron and Jeremy Corbyn, and the Brussels hierarchy, was squashed flat. "The hitherto dominant influence of the City, big business, financial institutions, the US government, international watchdogs such as the IMF and myriad economic experts was contemptuously blown aside." Another European result makes it onto the news pages - the win by Wales over Northern Ireland at football's Euro 2016. As the paper recounts: "Wales secured a quarter-final clash against Belgium or Hungary at Euro 2016 with a tense 1-0 victory over Northern Ireland yesterday in Paris. "An own goal by the Northern Ireland defender Gareth McAuley as he tried to clear a cross from the Welsh winger Gareth Bale settled the match. "At the final whistle there were jubilant scenes among the 25,000 Wales fans at the Parc des Princes and at a packed fanzone in Cardiff."