 The media has been full of Brexit-related stories in recent days, but what other news - serious and not-so-serious - might have fallen under your radar since Thursday's referendum? Iraq's government forces have recaptured the city of Falluja from the Islamic State group after more than two years. Falluja, a major city in the western Anbar Province, was the first Iraqi city to fall to IS. The government launched an operation to retake it in May. Iraqi PM hails Falluja recapture Giant panda Xin Xin gave birth to twins in the Macao region of south-western China. Baby pandas are born pink, turning black and white a month or so later. Panda's twin delight The Colombian government and the Marxist guerrilla organisation Farc signed a peace agreement, designed to end 60 years of fighting in which up to 220,000 people are thought to have died. Colombia opponents reach truce Police are warning people in central Manchester to beware of a mystery water bomber in the Portland House apartment block who is targeting members of the public walking along the street below. Who is the water bomber? There's plenty of interest in Iceland's football team after they knocked England out of Euro 2016, but fewer column inches have been devoted to the election of the country's new president, Gudni Johannesson. The choice of an independent candidate followed anger at the elite, some of whom were alleged to hold offshore accounts in the Panama Papers tax evasion investigation. New leader for Iceland At times of uncertainty it's not unreasonable to stock up on reassuringly sweet treats, but top dentist Nigel Hunt warned against an office "cake culture" damaging workers' teeth and expanding their waistlines. Don't give them up entirely, but at least mix them up with some nuts, cheese and fruit platters, he advised. Office cake 'a danger to health' Brexit has raised a series of complex emotions. So it was lucky that 72 new emojis were introduced just ahead of UK voters going to the polls. What use will be made of symbols such as a blond man wearing a crown and a pair of crossed fingers is anyone's guess. New emojis revealed