 The UK has voted to leave the European Union, despite Scotland voting by 62% to 38% in favour of Remain. BBC Scotland took to the streets of towns and cities across the country to find out what people feel about the decision to leave the EU. The people of Edinburgh delivered the strongest Remain vote in Scotland - and a quick tour of the capital's streets found people "shocked" and "devastated" by the decision to leave the EU. While the UK voted for Brexit, 74.4% of those who cast their ballots in the Scottish capital were in favour of remaining. Driving through the capital, making stops along the way to talk to people, there were no visible signs in the streets or in gardens of how people felt about the vote. There were no flags, banners or groups of kilted men as there had been in the hours after the Scottish referendum result in 2014. However, everyone wanted to talk about the referendum result. Angie Brown reports from Edinburgh In Glasgow city centre, there is very little small talk. Commuters, although walking briskly, seem to be moving with more hesitation than usual as they head to jobs in chain stores and offices.  Many are talking intently into their mobile phones - about Jeremy Corbyn, the economy, and about the possibility of another independence referendum. Remain voters in Scotland's largest city seem dazed, while those who voted Leave are calm and optimistic. Despite US presidential hopeful Donald Trump's Twitter claim that "the place is going wild over the vote", the atmosphere is subdued. Katherine Sutherland reports from Glasgow A swirl of European accents fills the air outside the Caird Hall as Dundee University graduands get ready for their big day. But among the selfies, smiles and proud-as-punch parents, there's an air of uncertainty as these European citizens prepare for the working world. Vladislavs Ignatjevs, from Latvia, imagined he would begin his career in Dundee, but the 23-year-old is now not so sure. "I'm upset with the result," he said. "It will be harder for younger people to come to the UK and get the high level of education." Graeme Ogston reports from Dundee "That's made my life." Perhaps it was the rush to get to work or university, perhaps it was shock at the result, perhaps it was just the thick pea soup fog, but many people were reluctant to speak.  While the UK voted to leave, Aberdeen voters were 61.1% in favour of remaining. Some people did not even know the overall result when I approached them. Ken Banks reports from Aberdeen Sitting on the steps outside the historic Midsteeple in Dumfries, Stephen Comiskey was taking in the outcome of the EU referendum. He chose the words of a famous Doonhamer, John Laurie of Dad's Army fame, to sum up his feelings on the result. "I just think that we're doomed," he told me. "I think it is going to be pretty bad for the UK as a whole." Not everyone, of course, shared that view - in a region where the result was one of the closest in Scotland. Giancarlo Rinaldi reports from Dumfries Two years ago, during the Scottish independence referendum, Inverness High Street was very quickly festooned with Yes signs. This time the campaign notices were slow to appear and, at first, with a notable absence of those backing Remain. As the final results show, however, that the city and wider Highlands and Islands favoured staying in the EU - 56% of those who voted in the Highlands were for Remain, while the figure was 55% in the Western Isles. In 1975, when voters last gave their verdict on European membership, the Western Isles returned a decisive "no". Steven McKenzie reports from Inverness