 If it feels you wake up every day to more bad news, spare a thought for the Brits.  But after the dust settles, who are the winners and losers in Asia? The dollar's strength also makes it more expensive for emerging markets to pay their dollar-denominated debt back, and their commodity exports, also priced in US dollars, become more expensive overseas.  This has led to some research houses downgrading emerging market growth rates - Nomura for instance has downgraded Malaysia's full year GDP forecast to 3.9% from 4.3% because of Brexit. Together, Nissan, Toyota and Honda produce about half of all the cars made in the UK each year. Most of the cars they manufacture in the UK are exported, and more than of half of those go to EU nations, according to the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders in the UK.    Depending on what kind of relationship the EU ends up having with the UK, Brexit could mean higher tariffs for British goods - and that would eat into Japanese car-makers' profits. Japanese automakers currently get most of their sales outside of Japan, so coupled with the yen's rise as the pound falls, both sales and profit margins look set to suffer. Mr Li had warned about the impact of a Brexit on the global economy ahead of the referendum. And China's lost a powerful ally in the EU - London was a big backer of China's free trade negotiations with the bloc. But now that the UK has voted itself out, Beijing's negotiations with the EU just got a lot tougher. For the moment, it is hard to see any immediate winners of the current impasse in the UK - forecasts for economic growth in Asia have been revised downward.  But as a whole, Asia is still likely to post growth rates of around 5% - not too shabby at a time when other parts of the global economy are looking at low, no, or negative growth.  DBS's David Carbon says this of India:  "Much of the heat is likely to be felt by financial markets - rather than the real economy." In the longer term, this indicates a softer global outlook, but in the shorter term, it does give emerging market economies temporary relief from a stronger dollar.  Watch out for Chinese property magnates who may look to snap up assets at weaker prices - and for those of you who have a few cash to spend this summer, it may not be a bad time to start looking at holidaying in the UK. Travel agencies have reported a flurry of enquiries from holiday-makers in Asia.  A few research houses have forecast the sterling may settle at around $1.30-1.20 versus the sterling towards the end of the year, so it looks like there may still be some more downside in the pound to come. 