 Jeremy Corbyn has lost a vote of no confidence among Labour MPs by 172 votes to 40. However, the vote has no constitutional force and is not binding on Mr Corbyn, who has indicated he will carry on as leader even if he loses. So why is there an uprising against him and could it eventually force him out? Jeremy Corbyn was elected leader of the Labour Party last September in the wake of the party's general election defeat. The veteran MP and campaigner, who is on the left of the party, won 59.5% of the votes in the contest, following an insurgent campaign which took the party's power brokers and commentators by surprise.  He won the overwhelming support of all the groups who voted in the contest - party members, affiliated supporters - including trade unionists - and registered supporters who rallied behind his anti-austerity message and promise of a new politics.  However, he had relatively little support among the party's MPs at the time and that support has slowly ebbed away over the past nine months. There was a major rebellion over military intervention in Syria and although the party has won a succession of by-elections, its performance in May's UK-wide elections - where it was pushed into third place in Scotland - raised concerns among MPs. The trigger for the move against him was the UK's decision to leave the EU. Labour MPs felt Mr Corbyn - the most Eurosceptic Labour leader for 30 years - had not shown enough enthusiasm and leadership during the campaign despite arguing for a Remain vote.  More than 40 members of Mr Corbyn's frontbench team have walked out in the past three days, saying he cannot win a general election. The Labour leader has said he will carry on, replacing them with colleagues who are more sympathetic to his political views.  Mr Corbyn's allies say Tuesday's vote of confidence is "unconstitutional" and have challenged his opponents to "shut up or put up" by standing against him if they can muster enough support.  Shadow chancellor John McDonnell, one of Mr Corbyn's key supporters, says his election victory last year gave him the biggest mandate of any opposition Labour leader in history and that must be respected.  He has accused Mr Corbyn's opponents of trying to "subvert" democracy and say the leader is far more in touch with Labour voters' views on a range of issues, including the economy, defence and Europe, than MPs in the centre and centre-right of the party.  Allies insist that he is "not going anywhere" and that Mr Corbyn wants to lead the party into the next general election.  This was not due to take place until 2020 but there is a growing feeling that with the election of a new Tory leader and PM in the wake of the Brexit vote, that it could happen a lot sooner - potentially within the next year.  In short, yes, but there are hurdles to overcome. Anyone wishing to challenge Mr Corbyn needs the backing of 20% of Labour MPs and MEPs. Currently there are 229 Labour MPs and 20 Labour MEPs so any potential candidate needs the formal support of 50 of them.  If a nominee secures this level of support they must then write to Labour's general secretary Iain McNicol announcing their intention to run.  No-one has come forward yet - although potential names said to be in the frame include former shadow business secretary Angela Eagle, former shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper and backbencher Dan Jarvis.  Critics of Mr Corbyn are said to want to rally round one candidate. The contest would then likely be decided at the party's annual conference in late September. There is no official mechanism to call an emergency conference before this.  However, Labour's NEC - the party's ruling body - can informally call a conference at any time and would be expected to if there was a major revolt taking place within the Parliamentary Labour Party.  The timetable of any leadership election would be decided solely by the NEC and would be expected to be conducted under the rules used to elect Mr Corbyn last year. Voting would take place on a one-member-one-vote basis with Labour Party members, affiliated trade union supporters and registered supporters all having a say. The winner would need 50% of the votes cast, plus one.  Supporters of Mr Corbyn say if he is challenged he will simply stand again and expect to win. However, there are different opinions on whether Mr Corbyn would have the automatic right to do this Pro-Corbyn factions within the parliamentary Labour Party say as leader he will automatically be on the ballot paper, but others dispute this. They point to a Times article in November 2015 which reported that legal advice had been sought by the party which suggested a sitting leader would need to receive nominations from MPs and MEPs in order to stand again.  The only time since 1945 that a sitting Labour leader has been challenged was in 1988 when Tony Benn sought to topple Neil Kinnock. Neil Kinnock says he had to be endorsed by members of the PLP in order to get on the ballot - which some argue has set a precedent.  The issue is crucial because Mr Corbyn could struggle to get 50 nominations, if they were needed.  In last year's contest, he only got onto the ballot paper - when he needed 35 nominations - at the last minute because a number of MPs who had no intention of voting for him supported him to broaden out the contest and give the left of the party a voice.  If Mr Corbyn resigns, there would likely be a leadership election although there has been some talk about deputy leader Tom Watson taking over on an interim basis.  If a vacancy occurs while the party is in opposition and a leadership election is called, any candidate needs to secure the backing of 15% of the Parliamentary Labour Party or Labour MEPs - 38 in total - in order to put his or her name forward. The contest would then be decided at a special conference.  Voting would again take place on a one-member-one-vote basis, with Labour Party members, affiliated trade union supporters and registered supporters all having a say. The winner would need 50% of the votes cast plus one.  