 In just one day, more than 672,000 people have read the story after seeing it on their social media accounts. The shooting at Garissa University by the Somali militant group al-Shabab left 147 people dead. One person later died from their wounds. But the story was written in April 2015.   86% of viewers saw the story on Facebook. The story has even appeared on the BBC news website under current "most read stories". Many people seem to think that this is a recent attack, one that happened after the Orlando shootings, and began sharing the story on social media. Readers have felt sadness and shock at what they thought was another recent tragic attack based on religious motives. Leon Sousa tweeted the story, writing: "OMG another attack, what is going on in the world, these poor people, my thoughts and prayers with the families." Others criticise western media organisations for not covering the attack. Terry Mendez posted the link on Facebook, asking: "Why isn't this in the news 147 students murdered in a Kenyan university?"   Some social media users began commenting that the story was not appearing in mainstream media because the attack took place in Africa, and the victims were predominantly black. Kevin Falkenberg wrote on Facebook: "If these kids were gay or white you would be reading this in English and seeing it posted all across your FB". One of the earliest mentions of Garissa can be traced to Spanish-speaking Facebook users. It's possible that articles raising issues of race were then shared which then highlighted the Garissa attack. But many thought that the attack had taken place after the Orlando shootings. Sanis Jimenez, from the Dominican Republic, commented on Facebook in Spanish about the lack of coverage on Garissa. He posted that the attack appeared not to seem as important to people because those who died were mainly poor and black. Leonel's Lozano-Lmc  in Panama echoed his remarks, writing that that black and poor people seemed less important to the world. Facebook was unable to comment on why this particular story has become so popular on its platform, as a number of factors are involved in why certain stories are shared and not others. One possible reason for a large number of shares comes from Facebook's list of trending topics.  Justin Osofsky from Facebook explains that this list is a way to help people discover major events. And once again the majority of readers were not in Kenya - or even in Africa. While the story has not been read or shared by quite as many people this time, the numbers are still growing. It remains to be seen whether the story will resurface again following another deadly attack. Produced by Catherine Ellis