 Weather conditions in south-east England will be brighter and disruption for commuters is expected to ease after the area was battered by severe rain. Hundreds of commuters faced long delays on Thursday as heavy rain fell and forced some people to flee their homes, and polling stations to close. The Met Office said the fairer weather on Friday would be a "welcome relief". In other developments: A spokesman for the Met Office said: "The skies are clearing now, and the South East is in the clear." He said Friday would be a drier day for the area with temperatures reaching 22 degrees, and the weather forecasters issued no warnings for rain. Thursday's flooding caused major disruption across south-east England and East Anglia on EU referendum day, and some polling stations were forced to close with at least one count delayed. Some voters were forced to wade through water to cast their vote.  Kingston upon Thames Council in south-west London moved two voting locations, and a polling station in Barking and Dagenham, east London, was shut because of a burst water main. Barking and Dagenham Council apologised to voters and said it had been relocated to two sites within walking distance. Out of 3,754 polling stations in the capital, five opened late, London Councils said. Meanwhile, London Fire Brigade said it had taken more than 550 weather-related emergency calls and attended over 400 incidents caused by heavy rain and thunderstorms. Some people in Barking had to be rescued from their homes by London Fire Brigade crews using boats. In Romford, a couple who are set to become first-time parents were forced out of their ground-floor flat after water began "pouring" into the building. David Sandor and his wife Lidia, who is eight months pregnant, said they would not be able to return to their home for two months because of the damage. There were also reports of torrential rain causing severe disruption in Norfolk, where the fire service received more than 150 emergency calls in a period of two hours. Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also contact us in the following ways: