 Scotland has voted in favour of the UK staying in the EU by 62% to 38% - with all 32 council areas backing Remain. The BBC is forecasting a win for Leave by 52% to 48% in the referendum, with some areas still to declare.  Ms Sturgeon's predecessor, Alex Salmond, said the result could lead to a second independence referendum.  The SNP manifesto for May's Scottish Parliament election said there should be another referendum if there was a "significant and material" change in circumstances, such as Scotland being taken out of the EU against its will. Mr Salmond told the BBC he was "quite certain Nicola Sturgeon would implement the SNP manifesto."  Glasgow voted by 168,335 (67%) to 84,474 (33%) in favour of Remain, although turnout was relatively low. Edinburgh backed Remain by 187,796 (74%) to 64,498 (26%), but results in England and Wales were much better for Leave. Ms Sturgeon said the vote had made clear "that the people of Scotland see their future as part of the European Union".  She added: "We await the final UK-wide result, but Scotland has spoken - and spoken decisively." The Scottish government's external affairs secretary, Fiona Hyslop, said all options were being looked at in order to "protect Scotland's interests" and warned there would be "consequences" if the UK made a decision against the will of the Scottish people, Scottish Green co-convenor Patrick Harvie said Scotland "must keep open every option for protecting ourselves from this threat". But Tom Harris of Scottish Vote Leave told BBC Scotland that he guaranteed there would not be a second independence referendum after the EU result.  UKIP leader Nigel Farage said the dawn was breaking on an "independent United Kingdom", and predicted that "this will be a victory for real people". Overall, 1,661,191 voters backed Remain in Scotland, with 1,018,322 voting for Leave.  Moray saw the closest result in Scotland, with Remain finishing just 119 votes ahead of Leave.  But there were big wins for Remain in heavily-populated areas such as Aberdeen, Dundee, North Lanarkshire, South Lanarkshire, Fife and West Lothian.  Another day, another constitutional crisis. The final results from the EU referendum weren't even declared before there was discussion of what happens next in Scotland. Scots have been to the polls five times in the span of just over two years. Many may now be wondering if they'll be back again soon. The overbearing theme in the counting halls was one of tension. Remain knew they had done well north of the border, but were startled by the strong showing Leave recorded in the early results across England and Wales. In Edinburgh, for example, Remain scored a whopping win. But the cheers from the gathered few observers were rather muted, with the national result hanging in the balance. The pattern was repeated across the country - albeit with smaller margins of victory in some places, such as Moray, where less than 200 votes separated the sides. And in the end, when the Scotland-wide result was announced in Grangemouth, it was the Leave side who were slapping each other on the back and jumping for joy, despite losing the Scottish vote by 62% to 38%. This result will raise a lot more questions than it answers in Scotland. Orkney became the first Scottish area to declare its result at about 00:05, with Remain winning 7,189 votes (63%) and Leave on 4,193 (37%). Turnout was 68.4%.  It was followed by Clackmannanshire, which backed Remain by 58% to 42%. A majority of voters in Shetland, the Western Isles and the Scottish Borders also backed Remain.  YouGov had published an on-the-day poll which has Remain on 52% and Leave 48%, while an Ipsos-Mori poll from Wednesday and Thursday put Remain on 54% and Leave on 46% - but the pollsters got the result badly wrong, as they had done in last year's general election. About 46.5 million people were registered to vote - including four million in Scotland - in what was the third nationwide referendum in UK history. The official result of the referendum will be declared at Manchester Town Hall, with the exact time dependent on the level of turnout and how close the result is. 